Tom likes Italian food.
You'll learn a lot here.
Just being is good enough.
The Great Blizzard of 1888 was one of the most severe blizzards in the history of the United States.
We don't want to hurt you.
Be quiet for a moment.
You were supposed to be helping Tom, you know.
The parking lot in front of the bank was completely full.
I can't do this alone.
How can I print my curriculum vitae?
Tom groaned.
He must be the principal.
Don't make a fool of yourself!
You made him blush.
I didn't need to take an umbrella with me.
Tomorrow is another day.
Mary asked me to go to Boston with her.
The question is what does it mean.
Tom has three older brothers.
He doesn't want you to know.
You gave up.
You're free to use this room.
He will make her a good husband.
What's obvious is that you're not very happy here.
Do you have any idea where Tom went?
Read the title.
If you wish, you can go.
Tom was run down by a truck.
No one's allowed in here.
Would you like to drink anything?
I'll play football tomorrow.
There could be no doubt as to who the man was.
This apple is bad.
Please do not disturb!
To be a native speaker by no means means to have a good command of one's native language.
Say that again.
My best friend walked by and totally ignored me.
Tommy is a nice man.
I am eating a banana.
We heard the echo of our voices from the other side of the valley.
I heard you scream.
There are 1000 movies that one must watch before dying.
I'm really proud of my students.
I didn't apologize.
I wish you didn't always yell at Tom.
I do not doubt that he is sincere.
They are the same age.
He couldn't stand the bitterness of the coffee.
The train did not arrive on time.
Tom entered the abandoned house.
Where are the crocodiles?
I checked into a hotel and went right to sleep.
I always tried to be strict with them and not to smile.
Layla went outside.
How could I ever forget you?
He is my friend.
I think if I talked more often with a native speaker, my English skills would improve quickly.
Mark took his stuff and left.
The police persuaded her not to jump off the bridge.
She is of average height.
I regret kissing Tom.
The paint on the seat on which you are sitting is still wet.
She's ready to go.
The teacher assented to our plan.
I never meant to put you in any danger.
Is this not a good time?
Tom hoped to patch things up with Mary.
She has three teeth out.
He is entirely in the wrong.
Tom doesn't listen to Mary.
I can't lift my right arm.
Tom gave Mary a Christmas present.
This rare stamp is hard to come by.
You're still a student, aren't you?
Do you still trust her?
He is not old enough to vote.
The dog runs out of the house.
Mr. White has gone to Canada.
When was the last time you tidied your room?
Mary is bisexual.
You can search words, and get translations. But it's not exactly a typical dictionary.
He spoke with a softness characteristic of southerners.
What was your favorite part of the trip?
Is it money you want?
Tom opened the conference room door.
I've been seen.
Tom asked Mary to answer the telephone.
You're fired!
This is a complicated question to answer.
Tom appeared intoxicated.
Tom was absolutely sure of himself.
Have a good Christmas.
I want to take care of Tom personally.
We ate pancakes and maple syrup for breakfast.
Tom thinks it's a ridiculous idea.
She's not my type.
The problem has been solved.
Thanks. This really means a lot to me.
He made believe he was a doctor.
You did not like my book.
Can you come to the meeting tomorrow?
Let's kiss.
I want to join your group.
From this moment Elsa's life was that of the ordinary happy child.
Policemen aren't permitted to drink on duty.
Tom did not want to admit that he had made a mistake.
The default color of the desktop's background is blue.
A typhoon prevented us from going on our trip to Okinawa.
Can I do anything?
The yin is feminine and the yang is masculine.
Children should obey their parents.
Tom certainly knows a lot about Australia.
Which would you like: coffee or tea?
I'm skeptical when I hear someone claim to speak more than five languages fluently.
The man took up with his wife.
We learned that the earth goes around the sun.
Would that I were his little kid that he might take me in his arms!
Ask them.
Thank you for today.
Tom didn't know what to do next.
You will pay for this, Tom.
We're here to have fun.
The animal died from hunger.
Tom wanted you to think he'd left town.
I'm guessing you didn't clean your house yet.
I was a high school student at that time.
He had a traffic accident on his way to school.
Do you think it might not have been an accident?
He took her out for a drive.
They caught up with us later.
It is a pleasure to spend time with Jane.
You have to get enough sleep.
They didn't believe Mary.
Get my rifle.
I don't live here anymore.
Good morning, my love.
Tom isn't Mary's father.
Who gave that to you?
Jupiter is the biggest planet in our solar system.
I've been so busy recently.
Tom just saved my life.
I'd be lying if I said no.
I remember a time when we could tell each other anything.
What did you do to get expelled from school?
This is the last time I'll apply this ointment on my skin.
He showed her the way.
We have not received a letter from him so far.
You said you'd be here by 2:30.
I'll always remember the first time I saw you.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are home today.
Are wasps poisonous?
That topic is too intimate to share with casual acquaintances.
Tom stood up and then everybody else stood up as well.
Have you ever fired a worker?
If you don't believe me, ask Tom.
There are some eggs in the box.
Do you want another one of these?
Tom told Mary not to interfere in his personal affairs.
I wish Tom were here now.
No matter what you say, I am convinced that I am right.
I'll be seventeen next March.
Archeologists said there is evidence that an even earlier settlement, estimated to be about 7,000-years-old, exists below the buildings of En Esur.
Tatoeba: Sentence fragments keep out!
Tom ripped off the band-aid.
Poland has been a member of the European Union since 1 May 2004.
Mary works at an art gallery.
Just try it out.
A catastrophe has been averted.
Stop this nonsense.
You party too hard.
We can do it right now.
I don't want her to die.
How are you holding up?
Tom was untidy.
I've got no time for that now.
Let's learn this sentence by heart.
Tom couldn't tell from Mary's reaction how she felt about what he had said to her.
Are you from Kyoto?
Amber is fossilised resin.
I've finished writing the letter.
It seems that Tom has been here.
I stayed at a small hotel near the lake.
Beth has a strong habit of interrupting people while they are talking.
I don't understand why you want to do that.
Nothing's more playful than a young cat, nor more grave than an old one.
You can bank on that.
Mary is my older sister.
Sadly many people will believe things told to them via an email which they would find implausible face-to-face.
Dresden was known as Florence on the Elbe.
She's good at handling children.
Tom was never charged with any crime.
What's your daughter's name?
Do you know a good way to learn new words?
I'll take this to Tom.
A passing car splashed water on us.
Can you do it in one day?
She lowered her standards.
Are we all ready?
Because I didn't take the bus, I'm still not home.
I hate riddles.
You have to listen to me.
I thought you said it wasn't contagious.
Tom and Mary are retired.
The man died of thirst in a dry country.
Why doesn't anybody help me?
Guess who I saw last week.
Tom was elected to the Senate in 2008.
Tom isn't as stupid as he looks.
I think Tom is a liar.
She's not the kind of girl you think she is.
That's the most important thing.
He deliberately kept on provoking a confrontation.
I'm very sensitive to cold. May I have another blanket?
I've been thinking a lot about what you said.
This book isn't as interesting as that book.
This proves my theory.
Hello, ladies.
I like to read the news.
They honored him as their leading statesman.
The simplest solutions are always the best.
You talk in your sleep.
I can't remember when I first met Tom.
Tom cooks his own meals.
Tom shut the door behind him.
I admire you for your courage.
We left together.
Tom doesn't know what to buy Mary for her birthday.
Tom isn't my brother.
What do you really think?
Where do you go to school?
That store closed in 2013.
Tom lives on his country estate.
All Tom does is eat.
Could you tell me how to get to the station?
There was revelry at Tom's house.
I was curious as to the result.
I was shaken.
It happened that we were in London then.
In most cases, modernization is identified with Westernization.
I don't want to play with you.
We have to stop it.
Tom is looking for his wallet.
Tom was just trying to be funny.
Tom is using the Internet to learn Spanish.
You may do that if you'd like to.
I just can't do it.
My father is going to kill me.
There are only two seasons in the tropics.
If I have any others questions, may I call you?
Abide by your promise.
I have a good job.
We're always hungry.
The newspaper hasn't published his article yet.
Tom seems anxious.
It was their fault.
My husband ran off with someone younger.
Tom looked very young.
The French like to eat frog legs.
The happiness and sorrow of others is happiness and sorrow of our own.
I've just washed the dishes.
I'm afraid.
I like this blend of coffee.
Your names are Tom and Mary, right?
Could you be so kind as to speak more slowly, please?
Tom started to cry.
Tom is in there with Mary and John.
The sun has bronzed her skin.
Tom doesn't like it here.
He seems to know us.
Tom probably won't be here tomorrow.
They don't deserve to call themselves Europeans!
She speaks French fluently.
We have to do the best we can.
This is for my practice.
How do you translate "Pfirsichbaeumchen" into Berber?
We have to figure out who started the fire that burned down Tom's house.
Maybe it will snow.
Why do Tom and Mary have to do that?
Tom saved her from the fire.
Sami and Layla decided to see a couples counselor.
Both of Tom's brothers can swim.
I've managed to finish the first three chapters so far.
I recognized her at first sight.
What does that have to do with you?
I don't know who could help me.
Please do it this way.
This chair is very comfortable.
I think we should talk about this now.
I'm at school.
The monkeys are grooming each other.
Is your wife good at cooking?
Tom rarely gets angry.
Get me the evidence.
Please don't hurt Tom.
Tom is out walking the dog.
She works as an office lady.
I wasn't present at the meeting.
The Virgin Islands are an archipelago in the Atlantic Ocean.
I'll meet with Tom.
Pork has a lot of fat.
I can't feel my toes.
That kiss was amazing.
Somebody tried to kill Tom.
Be polite to everyone.
Why don't you study French?
Do you have a minute?
I cannot agree with you as regards that.
He ran straight home after school.
That politician has been trafficking in drugs for years.
Why did you bring her here?
Tom had nothing to read.
I don't like your boss.
I consulted with my sister about my marriage.
This doll costs only sixty cents.
The lazy man frequently neglects his duties.
Where did you put the bottles?
Where is the bridge?
He drove me up the wall all morning.
He is not my father but my uncle.
Tom told me that he had feelings for me since he first met me.
Tom, how could you lie to me, right to my face, like that?
It is pretty cold today.
The policeman demanded their names and addresses.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't sleepy.
I couldn't move.
Are you sure you don't want me to buy you something at the supermarket?
We'll meet you out front.
I still cannot talk about it without crying.
The arrow hit the target.
You look different today.
It didn't seem to bother him in the least.
The man did not so much as apologize for stepping on my foot.
You're cooperating.
I see this house.
How thrilling!
I'm just doing my best.
Have you told her yet?
Tom was a lumberjack.
Thank you for the tickets.
I wonder whether Tom is homesick.
It's hard for me to live on my small income.
In spring the days get longer.
He got away.
Tom slammed the door behind him.
You're not going in the right direction.
Who saw what?
You don't have to apologize.
Don't you recognize them?
The ballboys and ballgirls all come from local schools.
I can't do without this dictionary.
Tom is skittish.
Why does nobody love me?
My uncle has been to Finland.
Tom's wondering if any of his kids will remember that today is Father's Day.
Dog is man's best friend.
Tom won't let you go.
Courage is like an umbrella: When you need it most you don't have it.
I admire their ingenuity.
I recoiled in disgust.
She's making parsley tea.
The dog ate the fish, bones, tail and all.
In general, men are taller than women.
What'll you do this weekend?
The boy answered his father back.
What makes you think that your house is haunted?
That's just a nonsense word. It doesn't mean anything.
I had to walk there because my car broke down.
It's a miracle that Tom's still alive.
She was wearing a black hat.
It's not yours.
So I put the book away.
I'm allowing all attacks except on vital organs.
No wonder he refused your offer.
I have a lot of bad habits.
Tom is hiding something.
What made you ask Tom that?
Tom assumed Mary caught a fish.
Such a bad custom should be done away with.
I never learned to swim.
Tom lied to you.
Layla was worried.
Once a teacher, always a teacher.
As you know, I've lost my job, so I'm having trouble paying all my bills.
By installing two carburetors that racing-car enthusiast souped up his motor considerably.
Tom is powerless.
I can't eat all this.
It really gets on my nerves.
I want to chill the wine more.
Tom sometimes wears a hat.
She extended her stay by five days.
Her eyes were full of sadness.
Don't get mixed up in that.
She's proud of her son.
Some athletes sweat more than others.
Canada's crime rate is decreasing.
Tom stayed at this hotel for three weeks.
Turn on the radio, please.
After that, internal temperature begins to climb rapidly.
I sensed immediately that something was wrong.
There is only one inborn error, and that is the notion that we exist in order to be happy.
You should get your eyes examined.
Did you enjoy it?
Your ad could be here.
Rubbish!
The night was so dark, almost as dark as her heart.
I'm going to empty this cabinet so that you can use it.
We depend on you.
Don't worry. Tsunamis are very rare.
Mine is black.
Tom isn't going to be here long.
My apartment is a mess.
Which book would you like?
Tom doesn't know the first thing about programming.
Please help yourself to some fruit.
Tom deliberately fed a false rumour to the town gossip, just to see how quickly it would spread.
Tom asked Mary to call him later.
I have a little money at the moment.
Do you think they followed us here?
I'd like to talk to the hotel manager.
Mr Ikeda wants to buy a new car.
I'd rather eat something simple.
I'm tougher than you think.
Tom wants to try a new shampoo.
Sit on the sofa and feel at ease.
Tom says he has nothing to do with the matter.
I thought about you.
I'll have exams right after the summer holidays.
I can't go back there now.
Tom looks bummed.
Jesus has abs of steel.
You're obviously dying to tell me.
We can't predict how Tom is going to feel.
I've forgotten my email address.
According to her, he won't come.
Tom doesn't know what I do.
My name is Luis.
Those who know nothing of foreign languages know nothing of their own.
Tom got addicted to painkillers after his accident.
Go away. I don't want to see you.
Tell Tom.
As soon as Tom closed the front door behind him, he realised that his house keys were on the bench inside his apartment.
I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am.
I taught him how to swim.
I found the missing piece of your necklace.
To the best of my knowledge, he is as good as his word.
No, not at all.
She's pregnant with twins.
He always shows great determination in everything he undertakes.
I have been to Tokyo only once.
He booked a ticket for Paris.
First you squander your health to acquire money; then your money to get your health back.
It all started on a stormy day.
Don't disappoint me now.
Do both of you have the same opinion?
Layla got along with everybody.
The news added to his anxiety.
I bought two bags of popcorn.
The train came on time.
I've lost my strength.
Tom got into his car and quickly drove off.
The teacher can't have said such a thing.
I assume there's somebody somewhere who likes Tom.
I can't follow Tom's logic.
I believe he is coming tomorrow.
I don't like those people.
Why don't you ask her yourself?
It's likely the Diet will be dissolved.
You can't possibly be serious.
Supper's getting cold.
Even you would help us.
He couldn't think where to hide it.
I'll explain later.
He's the new intern.
She gave birth to twins.
The thought of not risking something frightens me to death.
I need to get to this meeting now.
He wouldn't dare show his face around here again.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
I live next door to the toy shop.
Tom is mysterious.
You're wrong about that.
I have to unpack my suitcase.
Call me if you need my assistance.
Did that surprise you?
Tom looks down on women.
I don't understand your question.
I'm sorry for having deceived you.
It's going to be difficult to remove this stain.
The roof is well-insulated.
If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first six hours sharpening the ax.
The train is thirty minutes late.
Will you help me wash the dishes?
You should've said so earlier.
At the time, we were just fifteen years old.
Who else is on that list?
Mary is a woman.
Please sing this song again.
We both know Tom and Mary are innocent.
Throw away these rotten bananas.
I want to stay home and read a book.
Why were Tom and Mary expelled from school?