You ask questions, that are unanswerable.
I guess I'm not as smart as you.
He heard about the kidnapping from her.
Is there a shorter road to get there?
How do you make that?
I was overconfident.
There is only one towel in our bathroom.
The dream goes on.
They really hate each other.
I'll be busy next week.
See you in two days.
She is senior to me by six years.
He gave her an approving nod.
She says she likes flowers.
Tom is well aware of the problem.
If you're going to doubt everything, at least doubt your doubt.
He has white teeth.
She passed by without seeing me.
I don't know if I can resist anymore.
Happy Independence Day!
Tom has our support.
You lost.
Don't play around with the glass.
I can draw a map of Brazil perfectly.
I'm pretty sure he's dead.
Four babies are born every second around the world.
I have no further questions.
Do you know the man that's staring at you?
Tom can't get Mary to make up her mind.
At last, the Government are listening to the people.
It would be sad if that were true.
He receives a high salary.
Let's see if Tom is staying at this hotel.
The sentence doesn't have any grammatical errors.
Should you require further information, please do not hesitate to contact me.
You will be there again soon.
In this picture, there are four persons: my father, my mother, my brother and my sister.
You'll have to pay.
Something must have happened to Bob yesterday.
It made him uneasy that someone might find out any second what he was hiding.
The badly decomposed body of a young girl was found on the side of a highway.
What did you want us to do with all your stuff?
Just ignore what Tom said.
My vocabulary is limited.
Tom allowed his dog to run free.
I wondered how I could make a difference in the world.
Who would come up with such a ridiculous name?
Cuzco is one of the most interesting places in the world.
What has become of the book I put here yesterday?
Spring is my favourite season.
I want to make Tom happy.
Although he had fewer supporters among the governing class, he was able to get the popular vote.
The plate slipped out of my hands.
I'm hoping you can help me.
In law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of others. In ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so.
Have you ever been betrayed by a good friend?
He seldom comes to see me.
We only have one opportunity.
There's nothing there.
Today I have to review Spanish.
It is time to stop watching television.
He put a touch of salt on a boiled egg.
She kept her valuables in the bank for safety.
She's our teacher.
Being able to use a computer is advantageous.
Tom should have paid attention to what Mary said.
I remember hearing the story once.
He earned money by delivering newspapers.
A second mirror is hanging next to the door.
Carlos Morel was the first Argentine illustrator.
The little fat man did not laugh.
Why are you in the bathroom?
Words, words...
I just heard from Tom.
Would you like to play basketball with us?
Two families live in that house.
Have the lilies been watered?
That's just an excuse.
The world is full of idiots.
This animal is very intelligent.
Father manages the store.
My teacher is Mrs. Li.
I must refuse.
All mammals have seven cervical vertebrae.
Everybody likes polite people.
Would you like to add me to your contact list?
I have to go back to work.
Do not copy-paste sentences from elsewhere.
Boys do cry.
Butter is soft.
My black shoes need heel repairs.
I see that I'm surrounded by hostile faces.
I'll follow you.
The ruling class has figured out that a happy and productive population with free time on their hands is a danger.
Why does Tom want us to do this?
The fittest survive. What is meant by the fittest? Not the strongest; not the cleverest— Weakness and stupidity everywhere survive. There is no way of determining fitness except in that a thing does survive. "Fitness," then, is only another name for "survival." Darwinism: That survivors survive.
I didn't invite her.
What're you eating?
Do you always run?
Starting now, we will only speak in Portuguese.
Your brother wasn't at school today.
We have a good team.
I have to start over.
Tom opened his mouth to say something, but Mary interrupted him.
He's a smart boy.
The phone stopped working.
The injured person wailed with pain after recovering from the anaesthesia.
You can't understand this sentence, can you?
Both of the children started crying.
Yesterday was Monday.
Tom never says hello.
They all interpreted the presence of that owl as an ominous premonition.
I don't want to go bald when I'm still young.
The project was a loser from the start.
They denied her any help.
The store changed hands at the end of last summer.
Students don't read many books because of TV and comics.
He never forgets to pay a bill.
If you don't want to talk about it, that's okay.
I ran into Yoko on the way to the theater.
Why would Tom want to hurt Mary?
This is how we cook rice.
I wrote a letter last night.
When can we eat?
Have you ever been on TV?
Man is the only animal that can laugh.
Sami was physically drained.
I don't like the new textbook for my English class; I prefer the original.
You can't be too careful of traffic when you cross the road.
I'm sorry I've mistaken the direction.
Please turn the music down a bit.
You may not have heard about this.
I shall never tell it to anybody.
America was discovered by Columbus in 1492.
I like extracted juice.
May I talk to Tom?
Just then, a bright idea occurred to me.
Who is Marika?
I don't know why, but I'm sure that Tom has his reasons for not hiring Mary.
Tom had no intention of quarreling with Mary.
He has gone to America.
I want to buy a drone, but my parents won't let me.
You're not my father.
This isn't so difficult.
He made an apology.
If the machine is damaged, you are responsible.
I have cut my finger.
This is utter nonsense.
We are just about the same age.
Do you have time on Tuesday?
Artificial intelligence cannot beat natural stupidity.
If you shut the door to all errors, truth will be shut out.
Please take your book off this table.
When was the last time you breast-fed your baby?
I don't know what we'll do.
I had Tom make the call.
Do you know what we did?
I'll help Tom tomorrow.
My hair is longer than Jane's is.
She is already sleeping.
We speak French.
There is no choice.
I will never write a letter to Mary.
You should have completed it long ago.
Good morning!
Paul prefers English to math.
He never gave in to temptation.
Will you join us?
Everybody cheered.
Why is Tom absent?
Sorry, but I've already won.
Are you the author of this book?
He is always talking big.
He's such a shameless jerk.
Tom thanked Mary for helping him.
I thought you said you were bad at French.
Do you want to eat now or later?
Because my mother was ill, I could not go there.
This is how he solved the difficult problem.
Rosa, her mother, and her sister are in São Paulo.
I prefer walking by myself.
He advised her to stop drinking.
It was Tom's idea, not mine. Don't blame me.
Tom can eat just about anything but peanuts.
Diamonds are forever.
Give me three pieces of chalk.
You still haven't told me where you live.
How are you getting along with your new job?
Please take this seat.
Now the shoe is on the other foot.
Would you like me to call a taxi?
They accused him of stealing the bicycle.
I don't know what I can do.
Are you trying to get me mad?
Would they do that?
We all have flaws.
How do you pronounce your last name?
She is three years younger than Mary.
I heard that Robert is ill.
I was falsely accused.
Tom tried to find out where Mary had gone.
Tom was too afraid to enter the cave.
We need an ambulance.
You have the right to the truth.
The sooner, the better.
Old people need someone to talk to.
Mayuko took a bite of my apple.
You should rewrite this sentence.
It's for Tomas.
We'll lose everything.
He is happy.
Please don't walk on the grass.
What's your strongest type of headache pill?
Your death will not have been in vain.
I can't get at my luggage.
They parted with a firm handshake.
I looked at the picture.
Did they sign?
My mother objected to my going to the Middle East.
Which platform is the train for Boston?
Just as the Americans like baseball, the British like cricket.
General Motors laid off 76,000 workers.
We're playing baseball after work today.
It was not till this morning that it stopped raining.
The baby is looking for its mother.
If she visits France again, she will have been there three times.
You're still the same spoiled little girl I knew two years ago.
Never again did he see her after that day.
Ramudu came to school.
Tom wished he'd never stepped foot into Mary's house.
As she feels deep sorrow at her cat's death, let her be.
They assailed the new teacher with questions.
Have you told your parents?
I also lost my cell phone!
I don't want this shirt.
I think they've changed the ending.
Why does this keep happening to me?
The doctor is concerned.
The 21st century belongs to Asia.
He who only lives for himself is dead to others.
They obtained a yield of 8 percent on their investment.
Smell this.
Do you remember us?
She sang happily.
Well then why are you laughing?
Tom took a small envelope from his shirt pocket and gave it to Mary.
Every website has a unique address.
I have to know if it is true.
You can use the hotel's swimming pool.
These are mine.
The dictionary is incomplete. It only goes to the letter J.
Money is not everything.
Tom was up all night studying.
I saw Bob this morning.
It was accepted that the problem indeed existed.
To tell the entire truth, I'll add that my new colleague thanked me very friendlily for the help.
I wanted to hear Tom confess.
He is older than she is by three years.
Aren't you glad you're rich?
I didn't attend his funeral.
We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.
I'm looking forward to your coming to Japan.
He acted foolishly.
Having failed four times, he didn't try anymore.
Act too forcefully and you'll start a war.
I have been living here for many years.
It is difficult to give up smoking.
Tom hoped to get back together with Mary.
Tom's boss is Canadian.
Bilal is educated.
It's really windy.
The West watches the elections in Rwanda with suspicion.
Tom is laughing.
You need to help me.
Kate is crazy about a new singer who often appears on TV.
I wanted to buy a huge stuffed bear at Ken's but it was not for sale.
My client isn't saying another word.
I share the room with my sister.
They settled in Canada.
He goes to school by bicycle.
We've got something.
I went to his place straight away.
I thought we weren't going to do this.
This is a picture of my grandmother.
Who do you want to dance with first?
Are you sure you can't come with me?
When he took the exam, he tried hard but failed it.
I'm fascinated.
There's also a park there.
Do this work by tomorrow if at all possible.
She was disappointed, and angry with herself for being so.
Bread and butter is my usual breakfast.
What would I do if they really came?
I run a small business.
Tom did his best, but he failed.
Say it clearly.
Tom started eating.
We will be able to build farms and create fields there.
So far we have enjoyed our journey very much.
Call me Ishmael.
Will the defendant please rise?
This character represents the will to learn.
I'll give it back.
I used to keep a diary in English when I was a student.
But that same principle must apply to Muslim perceptions of America. Just as Muslims do not fit a crude stereotype, America is not the crude stereotype of a self-interested empire.
I can hear you, but I can't see you.
Scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of the dinosaurs.
You drank too much.
They wanted me to finish by 2:30.
Tom and Mary don't have children.
Hi, Paul. Busy as usual?
I'm a junior high school student.
I'm skinny.
Squirrels move quickly.
If only I knew!
I can't help feeling sorry for the girl.
I do not know any of them.
I haven't lived in Boston for many years.
I'm planning on losing some weight.
It's three years since we moved here.
How do I convert miles to kilometers?
Do you have Japanese newspapers?
That water pipe leaks.
We have no problem as far as the house is concerned.
He died on the day his son arrived.
They're here because they're my friends.
Your uncle, a journalist, used to write for the Folha.
Tom said he was sorry for last night.
Ten people were packed into the small room.
Do you speak Klingon?
Tom unlocked the car door.
I can't believe you turned down that job.
I don't get what the author means there.
After a long day at work, nothing feels better than a good hot bath.
I'll be at Tom's.
Do you want to hear it?
Your little girl was born and is doing well.
The very last words she wrote were: "My heart is on fire."
Are you saying you don't want to go?
That's humiliating.
The game is over.
We should offer them assistance.
Why would you want me to stay?
Who left the window open?
Are you doing what I think you're doing?
I'm a bit pressed for time.
Mary is a very beautiful and interesting woman.
If the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't change my mind.
A cake was frosted.
It's really not important.
What would you like to buy?
Please help me pick out a sweater which matches my new dress.
This is smaller than Tokyo.
I've already slept this week.
Let's not forget.
We're in a hurry.
Very few people know it.
Do you like tea?
Didn't you see the man?
Tom has a tendency to talk too loudly.
My father encouraged me to study the piano.
The blood on the road must be mine.
What time do you take a bath in the morning?
They say that on Columbus Day, Christopher Columbus's ghost rises up from its grave and flies around the world, punishing the bad boys and girls who don't believe in Christopher Columbus.
Don't play innocent.
When did you take this picture?
They are pilots.
The last time I saw Tom was three weeks ago.
When are you planning to leave?
We help them.
I regret to inform you that your application has been refused.
Let's discuss the problem.
Chicken!
Mercury is the planet nearest to the sun.
I think you're wrong about that.
Bill was in Japan.
This plant has some burnt leaves.
Every pupil in the class is present.
Not so close!
People love to talk - talk - talk.
The snow has disappeared.
He is the spitting image of his father.
What have we done to be punished like this?
Have you ever been to Italy before?
Is there someone with you?
It is fun to play cards.
The race was fixed.
She was taken to hospital unconscious.
I'll talk to Tom in the morning.
Mary gets nervous when Tom drives too fast.
I don't think that changes anything.
I could never make him believe what I said.
There's nothing that can keep us apart.
I'm as tall as Tom.
I was caught in a shower and was drenched to the skin.
She identified him as the murderer.
The cat is destroying this couch.
It is warmer today than yesterday.
I sent an e-card for a friend whose birthday is today.
This is the one I prefer.
It is important to remember who your friends are.
Seriously, don't be a stranger.
We go to school because we want to learn.
Life without love is just totally pointless.
He has a deep voice.
The volcano rumbled.
The Cathares in southern France were called Albigensians.
The best thing is to tell the truth.
Phrases heard in children's games can be handed down for generations after their meaning has been forgotten.
When was the last time you did the dishes?
You need a key to open the box.
I was ashamed of my behavior.
In case of an emergency, dial 110.
Tom is happy.
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.
It looks like they're satisfied with the result.
Tom didn't believe the rumor about Mary and John.
I wonder what this sign means.
Tom ate a piece of the cake that Mary baked.
Put it back on the desk.
This house is very big, isn't it?
Do you want to tell her you love her?
I'm sorry I don't have my watch with me.
But you have never spoken to me about that!
Electric current is measured in amps.
Can you tell me why you like him?
I have to give a class tomorrow at 2:30.
Mercury is the nearest planet to the sun.
He's jumping out of the frying pan into the fire.
Well, you'll manage.
He's brighter than they are.
I am the tallest in our class.
I never work on weekends.
No one knew who he was.
Five hundred soldiers were sent to the city, with less than half of them surviving.
He can't walk any more.
A computer is an absolute necessity now.
Tom is wrong.
Tom doesn't know I'm here.
I know what happened to Tom.
I think I did the right thing.
That sounds amazing.
She was cooking dinner at that time.
I have lost my key.
All I want is a washing machine.
They want to become citizens.
I took a taxi, because it was raining.
This is very bland.
Bill turned on the television.
I don't get it.
As of now I'll be able to sleep peacefully.
I'm undressing.
If I die today, I'll haunt you every minute of your life.
You have to go to the hospital.
Tom doesn't want to be a hero.
I need his help.
Do the dishes.
How do you think I feel?
I don't want your money.
The United States' Civil War lasted four years.
To purchase a ticket, you need to enter your personal details.
They say the Cabinet will resign.
It never happens to me.
She's got a question.
Can you hold it a moment for me?
It's not that I seriously like him. I just find him very attractive.
That was the time when he came.
I hope you understand me.
Don't forget to turn the light off.
Do you know anyone in Australia?
They've adopted two boys from Asia.
Isn't it enough for you?
I took you for Roy when I first saw you.
I'll take charge of the work.
I should've waited another three months.
The girl looked so pale.
I hate coffee.
Look at this large map of America.
Tom did it for no particular reason.
Workers of all lands, unite!
The king had a weird blue crown!
I don't belong to the club.
Tom was right.
Can someone please open the door?
The ship is at the mercy of the waves.
Is that the woman who knows the answer?
I want to eat something that isn't sweet.
I'm already ready.
People in this country make it a habit to bow when they meet.
The textile industry will adapt to a market of free competition in the coming years.
This is my father.
Tom is extremely ambitious.
She is living in London.
The value of his discovery was not realized until after his death.
I need to charge my cell phone.
She's coming!
I wish Tom wouldn't always talk about work.
I didn't know Tom lived here.
And like that it's correct?
Give me a full glass of water.
I'm listening to this band.