I'm sure he will go far in the business world.
Why does Tom call me Mary?
I'm learning Spanish.
Enjoy yourself at the party, John.
Tomorrow's weather won't be so good, with cloudy skies, heavy snow, and very cold temperatures.
What day was yesterday?
However, the singer does not deny her ancestry.
I can't wait for you.
Don't put anything in the bag.
He likes re-watching the old videotapes.
I want to eat French cuisine.
You're the one who suggested that we travel together.
Please charge your glasses and drink a toast to the bride and groom!
My heart was filled with happiness.
This is a collect call from Mr Nakamura in Osaka. Will you accept the charge?
Our teacher also said that her wedding wouldn't be the same as other people's; we asked how it would be different, but she didn't say.
Please wait until the end of this month.
He has a strong influence over the business world.
The British have a lot of respect for law and order.
I saw him swim across the river.
I forgot to telephone him today.
I'll see as I walk along.
Frankly speaking, I don't like him.
She was very happy with my gift.
I want to submerge myself in the ocean depths, and to disappear there so as to never be seen again.
There are deep wrinkles on his face.
Will you stay at home?
He was invited to be the chairman of the club.
He's a friend of my brother's.
I like both science and math.
I will make a man of you.
Tom probably knows how to get to Mary's house.
Nick doesn't need to come to my office.
He has a good appetite.
The company employs 500 workers.
Concerning this problem, our views are not the same.
The audience was largely made up of very young children.
His response was contrary to our expectations.
I'd like to marry a girl who likes to play video games.
It's not all that uncommon for people to live past the age of ninety.
This is a useful book and, what is more, it is not expensive.
Will it rain tomorrow?
She sat on a bench.
Do you know who killed them?
My uncle's hobby is playing baseball.
Remember!
I promise to return this videotape within a week.
She came to see us yesterday.
All the films are boring.
I have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer.
You've lost weight, haven't you?
Japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn.
Traffic downtown is all backed up.
You will be sorry for it some day.
It's the same thing.
The policeman took the thief by the arm.
He was almost hit by a car.
I just got your letter yesterday.
She will be here this evening.
I laid myself on the grass.
Where would you like to go next Sunday?
I'd like to see a doctor.
That'll put you in danger.
If you add 3 to 3, you get 6.
This is my camera.
I went to London.
I wish that Tom would agree to do that.
I like your family.
I grew up in the mountains.
What a beautiful picture!
I like to listen to good music.
Sami muttered something that I couldn't hear.
I don't think we'd have any chance of winning.
I can't make out what he wants.
Not for the faint-hearted!
I don't want to go outside this afternoon.
I have to share this room with my friend at present.
You're a better skier than me.
We're in a hurry.
Our school was founded in 1990.
They're just talking shit.
I just need a break.
They gave him up for lost.
I do my homework after school.
Tom never turned up again.
"I saw her five days ago," he said.
There were some graphic novels mixed into the pile of specialty books on the desk.
People who play with mud will get their hands dirty.
She writes an excellent hand.
To defend ourselves, we had to tell a lie.
There is an apple on the desk.
The crude oil price is falling further.
He drove the car, listening to music on the radio.
My school library has a collection of 2.5 million books.
What room would you like to reserve?
You're very pretty.
Did you do your homework by yourself?
We need assistance.
If it gives milk, then its your mother.
He's much taller than you.
I'm sure they can hear us.
Ask her when she comes back.
This note is better construed as a sharp fifteenth rather than a flat ninth.
I am a student.
He was hanged during the Revolution.
There are no comments yet.
I don't love her.
I'd like to live near your house.
You'd better take an umbrella with you today.
Will I have a scar?
Could you please find the missing key. I can't open the pantry.
I lost my key.
The job looked quite simple, but it took me a week.
Anyone up for a game of poker?
This is the best book that I've ever read.
That is an expensive university.
I had my fortune read by an old lady with an eery-looking glass eye.
The demand is huge.
Someone came.
I am here.
He is used to getting up early.
We cannot overestimate the value of health.
It was raining when we left; it was sunny when we arrived.
Tom is always trying to be cool.
You're still young.
He looked back at us many times and walked away.
He'll play golf even if it rains.
The nurse is ill.
You must rid yourself of bad habits.
Did you read the whole book?
She always speaks in a low voice.
Ankle, ankle, where are you?
Don't lose these sheets of paper!
I know, your busy too.
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.
I've worked here for ten years.
He failed the entrance exam.
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in.
Do you have big ones?
There is a butterfly in the kitchen.
He could learn the poem by heart at the age of five.
I didn't study at all yesterday.
Can I reserve a seat to Hawaii for Christmas?
I hope that some scientist will soon discover a cure for AIDS.
His luggage is overweight.
Miss! I feel sick.
Anyway, if you want to do it, then you should do it.
Have you been busy lately?
Tom wrote a letter to Mary this morning.
They already called off the strike.
I don't know when he'll come.
Turn the flame down low.
Are you awake?
Tom was born on May 5, 2010.
Sami was crying like a baby.
I cycle to work.
Carol returned to her hotel.
Do you have a match? I'm sorry, but I don't smoke.
He dropped his wallet, and now it's mine.
Tom doesn't eat meat and neither does Mary.
Give me your phone number.
He is out of control when drunk.
I know everything.
Good morning, everybody.
On sunny days, the beach is very crowded.
Her grade in English was very good.
Why did you use up all the money?
If you add sevenths to the chords in this piece, it suddenly sounds very jazzy.
Ted was finally able to communicate his thoughts in Japanese.
But, of course, hindsight is 20-20.
Switzerland is located between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
We're going up into the mountains, so why don't you come with us?
I love egg yolks.
I got to the station this morning.
She could not cope with anxiety.
Not wanting is the same as having.
I think I'm coming down with a fever.
I understand that you feel uneasy, but don't worry.
Where are we?
This must be changed.
I'll give you a prescription.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
This is the watch I bought yesterday.
Hello Tom! What time are you coming?
Let Bob cook.
Balls are round.
When he asked who had broken the window, all the boys put on an air of innocence.
The “One Only Child Parent for Two Children” policy is already in effect in Shanghai. In the future, it's possible that it will be implemented throughout China.
The meals are not too good.
I can't recall her name at the moment.
That is a circus!
I heard him go out.
The station is not far from here.
Tom told me that I should do that.
Please sit down!
Don't speak nonsense!
What's your problem?
Tom is afraid of everyone.
Life goes on.
In Taiwan, the differences between the four seasons have become less and less obvious. A short spring and autumn have gradually become part of the features of the four seasons.
Kate must be sick, for she looks pale.
The snow is melted.
She came across the street.
The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking if he wanted to live long.
The photos are taken by a pro, so they'll turn out well.
I don't know what this word means.
You are free to go.
These flowers can be seen around Hokkaido.
What the fuck do you think you're doing?
Did he look like a doctor?
You are to come here at 9 o'clock tomorrow.
I cannot eat any more.
Los Angeles is one of the places that I'd like to visit.
Take two aspirins for your headache.
It will make you think about the things you think about in your thoughts.
I heard it on the radio.
Tom might be a vegetarian.
I haven't changed.
She is busy with the care of her children.
Tom probably doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.
I don't want to fail my exams.
I trust you.
I have just finished my homework.
He played the piano and she sang.
I have a few friends who speak French well.
He told us a lie.
It was a very traditional ceremony.
I know that it's hard to believe.
Tom is crying outside right now.
This wasn't such a good idea after all.
Why are you crying?
Please use British English in your text.
How many people can do that?
Everything is ready.
Did you feel the earth shake just now?
Layla was sound asleep.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Tom often reads when his children aren't at home.
You'll be answering the phones.
The weather is really hot.
He fixed the watch for me.
I will do the shopping for her birthday.
Don't be nervous.
You have to move.
I can't leave home, even if only for a while.
When is your birthday?
I read a book last night.
Other than Sundays, I work every day.
Mayuko designed her own clothes.
It's not polite to point at others.
I wish that she would stop smoking.
You should apologize for your rudeness.
You guys are untrustworthy.
He is married to an American lady.
I am Doraemon.
Some apples fell down from the tree.
I'm in Hong Kong right now.
Do you have a gift shop here?
Do you know how to drive a car?
Luke, I am your cousin.
Sugar melts in hot water.
This picture frame can make the picture rise in value.
My parents are going to buy a new CD.
He applied his theory to some cases.
The price is 20.5 yuan.
Parents love their children.
Tom and Nancy broke up last month.
The IMF ruled out any new loans to that country.
Haven't you chosen?
He put a Band-Aid on his hand.
The teachers are playing games with students in the kindergarten.
I met a friend.
Here's where they usually have dinner.
I have so many clothes I don't know what to wear tomorrow.
Just ask Tom.
If you are me, how can you do it?
When will we have arrived?
A friend of mine came to see me during the day.
He asked me who had painted the picture.
How about another piece of cake?
He calls her up every night.
I can't believe Tom is really planning to do this.
I am not a rhinoceros, I am not a tiger, but I am led into this barren wild...
He already thought of the answer.
Open fire!
Would you do me a favor?
That person doesn't want to do anything.
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.
Brian is holding Kate's hands.
Hot and humid weather makes us lazy.
Speech is silver, but silence is golden.
You will have to wait and see.
He's able to speak Japanese.
Do not fear the heavens and the earth, but be afraid of hearing a person from Wenzhou speak in their local tongue.
Which one is your bag?
"You can't answer my question with a question." "Why not?"
How strange life is!
Tom doesn't like Boston.
Who is your favourite singer?
He painted the barn.
I cried all night long.
You'll need to file your taxes by the end of May.
The majority of people marry sooner or later.
I'm starving!
Columbus discovered America.
Who are we?
Why are you still unmarried?
Almost everyone in our village is related to one another.
She has a tender heart.
People like him because he is kind.
Will you tell me how to play the guitar?
Tom isn't going to give me that.
Did you enjoy yourself at the party last night?
If you heard her speak English, you would take her for an American.
I haven't yet watched that video.
To be honest, we came to capture you.
I can't figure out what he means.
It is dangerous to bathe in this river.
Nice guys finish last.
It's time to go.
I need to go home.
Please wake me up at 6 tomorrow morning.
The butcher's knife is in the drawer.
I'd like seats on the first floor.
He is sure to pass the exam if he studies at this rate.
He knows a lot about foreign affairs.
Tom is good to me.
I can't decide if I'm happy or sad.
Each year the world's population increases on average by two percent.
Once there lived an old man in a village.
I like to take a walk after meals.
I ran as fast as possible.
Tom doesn't seem to be a Canadian.
He made her a bookshelf.
Do you have anything to declare?
I'm surprised that you're so naïve.
Choose your favorite racket.
We have a traitor among us.
You are absolutely right.
Come back soon.
Who's the boy that's swimming over there?
My home is far away.
Tom is in the bathroom now.
I am in Rome now.
Please wait one meter away.
I think it's time for me to buy a house.
How horrible!
Do you approve of what she is doing?
Pass me the wine, please.
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.
He did it all out of kindness.
He is back.
It's her fifth birthday tomorrow.
Tom has just returned from the post office.
She cooked us a wonderful meal.
He began to work for that company last year.
Don't fear! This way he certainly won't think that you've brought any contraband, and won't cause a holdup by checking over your luggage.
I couldn't understand his joke.
He looks like a sportsman, but he is a writer.
He found me a taxi.
Washington, D.C., is the capital of the United States of America.
He was injured in the accident.
You must answer these questions.
This isn't Mandarin, it's Shanghainese.
She got the ticket for nothing.
We have to go.
I'm not talking to you; I'm talking to the monkey.
She told him that she believed in astrology.
Did you bring cash or your credit card with you?
The year of the snake has begun.
I have run out of my traveling expenses.
"Did you watch TV on the weekend?" "No, I didn't."
I'd really like to go to Boston with you.
May I go to the restroom?
I've heard this story before.
What's become of your dog?
If I were you, I would not do it.
I work every day except Sunday.
The whole neighborhood was surprised at the news.
I hope your wish will come true.
Without doubt, what people worship first is what they see most often; for example, the animals that had the closest connection to people's lives, like the horse, the cow, the sheep, the rooster, the dog and so on.
He sometimes makes dinner for us.
I feed my dog once a day.
They climbed Mt. Fuji last week.
She laced her shoes.
Tom doesn't talk with anyone.
My sister sings songs very well.
That dog runs very fast.
Don't forget your ice skates.
This beach is a paradise for surfers.
Would you please tell me your full name and address?
Tom has more books than Mary.
She's grown out of her favorite dress, so her mother will have to make it over for her.
I must catch the first train.
God created the heaven and the earth.
He encountered difficulties in his work.
I have returned.
This book is difficult to read as it is written in French.
Can you give me your phone number?
I've already put Tom to work on it.
We enjoyed watching the TV.
When you have free time, please come and play.
I'm playing baseball.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
By reading books we can walk with the great and the good from every place and every era.
Mary told John the secret.
There are a lot of hot springs in Japan.
Please mail this letter for me.
We talked and talked until the day broke.
Her only pleasure is listening to music.
My head hurts.
The children rolled down the hill.
He is a teacher.
Go straight home.
The two old men while away the time playing cards.
Can you freeze it?
We suggest raising the fees.
His house is somewhere about here.
Why do you study every day?
Tomorrow I won't be here.
I need to get some stamps.
Tea is a popular beverage throughout the world.
It is very dangerous to jump aboard the train when it is moving.
Thank you very much for your help.
For the teacher, teaching her was fun.
What is his nationality?
Does she know your telephone number?
When I saw them on a date, I asked them, "Do I hear wedding bells?"
I always take a bath before going to bed.
His new novel will come out next month.
It was ten years ago that he first came to Japan.
I want you to bring Tom a letter.
Kyouichi Saionji, who he supposed would win the duel, has lost.
You have a way with women.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.
In my opinion, the meeting was a success.
It's not us who did it.
Stop!
That architect builds very modern houses.
There is a trace on the table.
Bringing up a baby is hard work.
Even though my friend was a vegetarian, I didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it.
All the furniture was covered with dust.
If a tiger suddenly appeared in front of me, I'd be scared to death.
They won't tell us anything.
I found it by chance.
I saw him wash the car.
John is a good friend.
This is a very complex problem.
She was often late for school.
We have some decisions to make.
Saudi Arabia is very rich in oil.
If you don't have enough evidence to convince the other person you're right, make stuff up.
She loves children.
Do you know how to eat with chopsticks?
I don't want to sleep yet, so I'm still studying.
You said you had a contract.
I don't need a babysitter.
I usually go to school by bicycle.
I don't understand German at all.
I wonder where he is hiding.
We asked Hanako to play the piano.
I ate breakfast in my pajamas.
Jean has fallen out with Paul over the education of their children.
I love music.
Excessive drinking is one of the causes of impotence.
I've got a few friends.
Why did you try to run away?
Did he go to Hangzhou with his dad?
Everybody likes him.
I'm afraid it will rain tomorrow.
Be born, get married, and die; always bring money.
John should be here any minute now.
I also went.
I'm a little confused.
I can't find my pen.
His son has talent, but cannot pass the college entrance exam.
It seems that Ali is very interested in Myrmecology.
Tom had a heart attack last year.
This goblet is made of gold.
The room originally had no furniture.
What are you guys going to do?
I'm having some problems compiling this software.
My father doesn't drink so much sake.
When was the last time you celebrated Christmas with your whole family?
I have a surprise for you.
My plans failed one after the other.
Can I get by you?
I love sports.
Tom died three months ago.
Correct the underlined words.
She painted the walls white.
This truck has a maximum load of 5 tons.
Are you busy at work?
Is it OK if we don't go to Costco this time?
Well then, have you decided?
He promised to return and yet he didn't.
It is easy to answer the question.
Are you going to Lucy's house tomorrow afternoon?
It must be around here somewhere.
These people hate all foreigners.