How many do you need?
She is on death row.
I'll help you after work if I'm not too tired.
Professor Smith is recognized to be one of the greatest scholars in English philology.
The children are safe.
My name's Ricardo.
He is not as intelligent as his brother.
Tom wants to move to Boston.
Tom put the vase on the table.
I do not read.
What's your favorite open source game?
Those are our books.
I don't need anything.
He inspired me with confidence.
He put great emphasis on this point.
But I understand what he says.
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed.
We had an oral exam.
Children often swim in the lake.
She insisted on her innocence.
Christopher Columbus demanded that an entire "Columbus Week" be set aside to celebrate his glory, but in the end only got a day, and only in America.
We need to take that bus.
You're normal.
I agree with you.
We used to meet at a coffee shop in Shinjuku after work.
Achilles was an ancient Greek hero.
I looked out the window.
The cardboard boxes are fragile.
My friend usually helps my son with his studies.
He is a good athlete.
The tea is so hot that I cannot drink it.
Where do you live?
Elephants are the world's largest land animals.
That house is big.
If he comes, tell him to wait for me.
Tom isn't as healthy as he used to be.
That is the girl whose father is a doctor.
My brother has been sick since yesterday.
The Ghost of Cock Lane is an English ghost story from the 18th century.
Listen to me, will you?
Are you sure about the cost of that car?
Our teacher is well spoken of.
This novel is so easy that even a child can read it.
I am convinced that I am right.
We have a plane to catch.
First of all, learn the formula by heart.
You should set a good example to your children.
The first naked woman I saw was in a National Geographic magazine.
Tom has another half an hour of work to do before he can go home.
It is a good idea to read this book.
I am all ears.
I forgot to pay my rent this month.
The bird dipped its head into the water.
The concert will take place next summer.
He will arrive there about five o'clock.
I'll fix it up with him.
The alarm woke up Mayuko.
Don't call me up after ten o'clock.
Tom is as tall as any boy in our class.
I worked more than eight hours yesterday.
I am Antonio.
She introduced her sister to him.
His house is near the subway.
I think, therefore I am.
The Japanese take off their shoes when entering a house.
Let's receive him with a happy smile.
Don't insult me in company.
He shaved his mustache off.
I like watching movies.
No matter what I tried, Ken wouldn't do what I told him to do.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
I see the boy.
Why don't you come in?
Nothing.
Nobody can escape death.
I will continue with my efforts.
Tom knows nothing about Boston.
He squeezed the toothpaste out of a tube.
I asked my father to buy this toy.
Your plan seems better than mine.
I'm looking for a certain old woman.
One language is never enough.
You are making a big fuss.
She crouched down by the gate.
Leaves are to plants what lungs are to animals.
The infant has faith in his mother taking care of him.
He had nothing to say, so he left.
I knit.
My brother has been sick since yesterday.
I'm Ricardo.
I'm a hero.
I can't find my key.
You're nuts!
The president and the secretary talked over a cup of coffee.
Thousands of candles illuminated the church during the ceremony.
My mother put thirteen candles on my birthday cake.
You shouldn't visit my grandfather today.
That's very big of you.
She took the tablecloths to the laundry.
We are going to visit our aunt next Sunday.
Smoke was rising from the chimney.
Christopher Columbus demanded that an entire "Columbus Week" be set aside to celebrate his glory, but in the end only got a day, and only in America.
Call a taxicab to take us.
Does he like oranges?
I am very happy in Georgia.
He is going to start tomorrow.
I have a bad headache.
He came from one of the richest families in America.
He rolled over in his sleep.
We'll talk with him on Monday.
The soldiers resisted the enemy attack.
That guy is walking pigeon-toed.
Tom made some mistakes in the test.
Where can we make a phone call?
Tom thinks Mary is over forty.
I ran across your mother in the library.
Have you done with the book?
Tom knew a man whose father was a helicopter pilot during the Vietnam War.
His words have come true.
He is utterly impossible.
Have you ever been to Paris?
We're enemies.
She looked as if she had been ill.
The weatherman says we'll have rain in the afternoon.
A week has seven days.
His behavior disappointed many of his friends.
Ronnie James Dio's death made me very sad.
Have you finished the work yet?
He is still too young for the job.
To make money one must want money.
It wasn't always easy for Edison to invent new things.
Do you believe in ghosts?
Son, marry whenever you want - daughter, marry when you can.
Come on, hurry up.
She cleaned the room, and ran errands.
I'm going to put a stop to this.
I find swimming fun.
He wants a new car.
You're nuts.
What language do they speak in Korea?
If he had worked harder, he might be a rich man now.
The aviation expert analyzed the statistics in detail.
I am on duty now.
Ken seems to be a friendly person.
I made up my mind to be a doctor.
I will have to tell him the truth tomorrow.
On arriving in the town, he went straight to see her.
If it rains tomorrow, the baseball game will be put off.
You should buy it for yourself.
He pressed his ear against the wall.
He approached the station.
He dressed up as a woman.
My father gets along with his friends.
There is a TV remote control under the couch.
A year has twelve months.
The hungry birds were eating from the bird feeder.
What am I going to do? I can't close my fly.
We discussed the problem far into the night.
I've got the car keys.
The snow has disappeared.
I don't understand.
Have you got settled into your new house yet?
When you're done with the book, put it back where you found it.
We consoled each other.
Just leave it.
Do you need me to give you some money?
Can you describe the ideal supervisor-subordinate relationship?
He slept with the window open.
Kamakura is a place noted in connection with the Genji family.
He does not know English, much less French.
They say they cannot compete with low-priced foreign products.
I had a tooth extraction a week ago.
I wondered if her story was true.
Tom doesn't trust Mary with his car.
Without the Sun, we could not live on the Earth.
Tell me if you find a new boyfriend.
We were cooking tempura at that time.
Nobody told me what time I should come.
I'm sorry you're leaving us.
You always called me from her house.
Follow the car.
Nice party my friend. I should have invited my cousins to come too.
I was able to succeed because of your advice.
We're starting to question what we thought we knew.
The signal was red.
What with the heat and the humidity, I didn't sleep well.
Do you know how to pronounce this word?
May I ask your name?
One language is never enough.
His students adored him.
I don't know whether I'll go or not.
What happened?
Now I seldom go to the movies.
Tom drank straight from the can.
What is this?
The family is too poor to pay back the debts.
Her parents decided that she would play the cello.
Good afternoon.
Where can I get tickets?
She sent her son for a doctor.
There are 340 species of hummingbirds.
How hungry are you?
We don't smoke, but be willing to sit and smoke.
Look up to the skies.
He has a knowledge of English.
Uranium has to be enriched before it can be used in nuclear weapons.
You can swim, can't you?
We know why you came here.
Tom was just as scared as Mary was.
Frankly speaking, I don't want to work with him.
Tom doesn't like speaking French.
Do you know the answer?
Do you have smaller sizes?
Are you busy today?
It is Saturday.
The tea is hot.
On leaving school, he went to Africa.
He went to the barber shop.
It might take a little while.
The first naked woman I saw was in a National Geographic magazine.
This is the first airplane to land at the new airport.
Thanks.
Tom has no recollection of how he got his black eye.
How happy I am today!
Stray dogs tramped about my garden.
Tom got off the plane.
Tom keeps a diary.
I was trying to kill time.
Try to investigate in depth the cultural values your text brings into evidence.
It is the fact that I want to know.
I can't accept this theory.
There are a great many forest fires in America.
We made a contract with the firm.
She was anxious about her children's health.
You are kind to come.
We want a house of our own.
We left Africa forever.
She gave her assent to the match.
On arriving in the town, he went straight to see her.
I watch television.
The policeman whistled for the car to stop.
We were cooking tempura at that time.
I can't tell you what Tom told me.
The weatherman says we'll have rain in the afternoon.
Someone is calling you.
Someone must have left the water running.
We live in a beautiful city.
Come on, let's go.
Who painted this painting?
The animals living on a farm are the livestock.
Urdu is my mother tongue.
Thank you.
Tom can't swim yet.
I've got a good idea.
My friend usually helps my son with his studies.
I would like to buy some postcards.
I cannot but give up my brother for lost.
Scott was a contemporary of Byron.
Tom was convicted and sentenced to death.
Write your name and address on this envelope.
We found a nail stuck in the tire.
I think that's wrong.
I often think about the place where I met you.
We call our dog Pochi.
It is believed that whales have their own language.
The duke holds a lot of land.
These books are very old.
You'll miss the train if you don't hurry.
She has no figure.
There are few, if any, such men.
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, one hundred.
Take no prisoners!
In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
He told her about his plan.
You're nuts!
Does she play the piano?
They renovated their grandmother's house and brought in modern furniture.
Beijing is bigger than Rome.
What the teacher said got Mary to study harder.
What is your favorite sentence?
I want the whole world to have the opportunity to be able to do what it wants.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
The trouble with him is that he is not punctual.
The tree is green.
Are you busy today?
Coffee gives you energy!
You must go to the doctor.
The man combs his dog with a brush.
He had the good fortune to marry a pretty girl.
They said Mr. Wilson's condition had not changed.
Mary received many gifts for her birthday.
He was nearly run over by a car.
Bring me some cold water.
I made a mistake through doing it in a hurry.
That is what it means to share this world in the 21st century. That is the responsibility we have to one another as human beings.
I imagine that Tom will eventually run out of money and have to go back home.
I only bring you tea alone.
She likes ice cream.
Opportunity makes a thief.
Since then she couldn't look up to her mother.
I think time will solve the problem.
It's a double whammy.
Welcome to Tatoeba!
Goodbye!
None of his advice was very useful.
You should do that soon.
I'm taking a vacation from July 20 through August 8.
You should go to work.
Please come as soon as possible.
Tatoeba is culture.
Do I have to check this luggage, or can it be carry-on?
You can't park here. However, there is a parking lot just around the corner.
You should set a good example to your children.
I have just been to the airport to see him off.
What are you doing at school this afternoon?
My friend usually helps my son with his studies.
He will be my deputy while I am away.
Mrs Tanaka's characteristic curly hair was sticking up behind her ear.
I did not participate in the dialog.
Tom doesn't think Mary's French pronunciation is very good.
St. Valentine's Day falls on Sunday this year.
I sleep in my room.
Tom put on his robe.
Since the road is wet this morning, it must have rained last night.
He passed away five years ago.
Sometimes, questions provide us with more information than answers.
Beauty is no quality in things themselves: It exists merely in the mind which contemplates them; and each mind perceives a different beauty.
The speaker banged the table with his fist.
They're already here.
Do you think I meant country matters?
If you do that, you're going to subject yourself to ridicule.
Who is the man who was talking with you?
My son is a journalist.
Don't worry.
It's about 133 kilometers from London.
He longs for the fellowship of the rich.
He was itching for a ticket to the concert.
We aren't friends.
It was the calm before the storm.
The people have made their preparations for the trip.
He's not stupid.
Don't call me up after ten o'clock.
Tom wanted to spend the rest of his life in America.
Because my mother was ill, I could not go there.
Take it, or leave it.
Two weeks of heavy rain resulted in flooding.
I advised him not to grieve over the past.
Tom laughed at Mary's joke.
She eats but white meat.
I won't be able to meet you tomorrow because something unexpected has come up.
My father seemed to be disappointed I hadn't passed the examination.
I am sure exploits will be found.
Tom lost his job three months ago.
I ordered several books from England.
What's the temperature going to be tomorrow?
He was naughty when he was a boy.
I'd like a glass of water.
You're almost right.
A cat came out from under the desk.
What would life be without hope?
A true friend would advise you.
He's a doctor.
Tell me how you solved the problem.
His behavior disappointed many of his friends.
Do I have to check this luggage, or can it be carry-on?
Is your school in this town?
If you cheat, you run the chance of getting arrested.
You really are tall, aren't you?
I made a mistake through doing it in a hurry.
Tom and Mary joined the navy.
Let us give you a piece of advice.
My mother put thirteen candles on my birthday cake.
Wait for me!
It's already late.
She raised that child at a great cost.
That house is mine.
I'll pay you a visit at your house tomorrow.
Were you at the theater last Saturday?
He kept on smoking all the time.
Dinner is ready!
Last century they would have just thrown someone like Tom into a lunatic asylum.
John broke the window.
We should have been more careful.
We've fixed on starting next Sunday.
Country life is very peaceful in comparison with city life.
I asked my father to buy this toy.
Have you got settled into your new house yet?
He asked me to communicate his wishes to you.
We have two daughters.
I was late because of heavy traffic.
What a beautiful girl she is.
This enables me to see and face my present trouble.
I gave way to their demands.
Come on, hurry up.
What are you guys looking at?
I know you're going to say no.
As soon as she comes, we will begin.
You have two flowers.
What's your name?
It goes without saying that Rome was not built in a day.
All I can do is to do my best.
Tom doesn't want to go home now.
The tree you saw was an oak tree.
Jack is busy cooking for us.
In Japan, the new school year begins in April.
I'll call back at four o'clock.
Tom will be eligible for parole in five years.
I don't read.
This box is a different colour to that one.
He gave me 10,000 yen.
You should be more careful.
Didn't I give you 10,000 yen a week ago?
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
He kept on smoking all the time.
Will it be hot tomorrow?
In music or speaking, a pause is frequently used for dramatic effect.
It's difficult for our income to keep up with inflation.
She took the tablecloths to the laundry.
The heat of the sun hardens clay.
I am sure exploits will be found.
It is just five o'clock.
I can't accept this gift.
He showed me her picture in private.
He invited me to the party.
Will it be hot tomorrow?
I prefer working hard to just sitting idle.
On building sites, hard hats must be worn at all times.
This is a DVD.
He looked up at the sky.
Julia gives a kiss to her daughter.
They stopped their game and stared at me.
This year we had more snow than last year.
What's this?
He stood by me whenever I was in trouble.
A new year always brings hope.
I have brothers.
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, hundred.
He put a cap on his head.
All of her books are written in Italian.
I stayed up till very late last night.
Follow the car.
Water is not coming out of the shower.
I plan to cycle around Shikoku next year.
I like her all the more for her kindness.
There are many paintings on the wall.
I tried to do my homework, but I didn't really know how to do it, so I gave up.
Are you ready to eat?
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
He was attracted by her smile.
It's not Christmas.
An ulcer forms in the stomach.
We had a heart-to-heart talk with each other.
Thanks!
How many times do I have to say I'm sorry?
How old are you?
You shouldn't read people's private letters without permission.
He left his students these famous words.
If I could be reborn, I would want to be the child of a rich family, then I'd be set for life.
I didn't know that he could speak English.
She enjoyed herself very much at the party yesterday.
This apple tastes sour.
I'm not sure about that. It depends.
We bought a round table.
I am sure exploits will be found.
Mother busied herself with sewing.
The speaker banged the table with his fist.
He did come at last.
Localities imposed bans on development.
Have a nice weekend.
He has a habit of keeping the door open.
There's no reason to be afraid.
Peace has returned after three years of war.
He often comes late.
The teacher welcomed the new students.
Bill lives near the sea.
Please move to the rear of the bus.
It wasn't my fault.
I don't have any pens.
Come on, let's go.
When you are away, I feel lost.
I don't like to run a risk.
Yet Japan is still not sufficiently understood by other countries, and the Japanese, likewise, find foreigners difficult to understand.
I have many coins in this box.
I'm taking an exam in January.
She always works hard.
I don't know where he lives.
Do you think she will reach the top of the mountain?
The loaded desk groaned again.
He has a dog.
The book is of great value.
I prefer swimming to skiing.
Tom helps Mary move the furniture.
It's the same for everyone.
You shouldn't let children play with the kitchen knife.
Do you think I meant country matters?
When Mary was a child, her family was very poor.
The sea gulls are flying low.
You should have accepted his advice.
She worships him.
Turn left.
Horrible helicopter accident in a Belgian cemetery, the rescuers have already salvaged more than 500 corpses.