Shall we add a bit more salt?
They're independent women.
Where is the nearest supermarket?
All at once I saw a human form in the distance, and, to my surprise, soon recognized that the traveler was a woman.
He will play golf next Sunday.
I thought that you hated Tom.
That plan's bound to fail.
Is that your wife?
You're new here, aren't you?
If you begin by sacrificing yourself to those you love, you will end by hating those to whom you have sacrificed yourself.
This invention was the result of years of patient experiment.
Esther is Rachel's wife.
I could not persuade him that it was true.
How old are you?
I'll love you for the rest of my life.
The church is surrounded by woods and lakes.
Tom never saw any wolves, but he could hear them.
She has a slight lisp.
Tom found that he couldn't study with the TV on.
I don't live far from the school.
Well, let me tell you.
Days turned into weeks, weeks turned into months and, before we knew it, another year had passed.
They're homosexual.
Every country is different.
The game was called off.
I'm not Brazilian.
Doctor L.L. Zamenhof (1859-1917) personally translated masterpieces of literature into Esperanto.
Maybe I should've told Tom.
Who is the owner of this car?
Did you say three?
I love twilight.
Take this junk out of here.
These scissors cut well.
When the long, hearty dinner was over, the guests began dancing and singing.
The United States is Canada's evil twin.
A melody is not merely something you can hum.
I counted to three and then plunged into the water.
He swore he had photographic memory, despite the fact he couldn't remember what he ate last night for dinner.
How old is your son?
I love you, sweetheart.
The bus should be arriving soon.
You are everything to me.
Is this the direct way to the Prado?
If you look deep enough you will see music; the heart of nature being everywhere music.
The sun goes down by 4 p.m. in the winter.
Tom, it's about time you figured out how to do this by yourself. I'll show you one last time.
The United States is composed of 50 states.
I must confer with my colleagues on the matter.
A young dog is called a "puppy."
I would like to see it.
Don't risk it!
Koko knows and uses more than 500 words in sign language, the language of deaf people.
To hell with borders!
I knew who he was.
When you apologize, you lay the foundation for a future offense.
What shall I put on: trousers or a skirt?
I missed you so much!
Tell me what's on your mind.
Most of this building's tenants are artists.
Bill lives near the sea.
When he got to the station, the train had already left.
Tom is full of courage.
And young people who described themselves as conservative had an amygdala (the brain structure associated with emotional processing) that was larger.
Welcome to my life.
No one said self-discipline was easy.
My physics teacher doesn't care if I skip classes.
In the cold and the darkness, a poor little girl, with bare head and naked feet, roamed through the streets.
I'm too old for him.
Muiriel is 20 now.
He hasn't gone mad.
The old park has become one of the most sought after places in the city.
What a beautiful night!
If everything happens for a reason, does that reason have a reason to be?
I started getting ready.
Tom has the right attitude.
The capital of Brazil is Brasilia.
You may keep the book.
If there is no God, everything is permitted.
Why don't we do anything?
That mountain is five times as high as this one.
These machines aren't working now.
Why did you not go to the office?
You're crazy to buy such an expensive bike.
I was right and Tom was wrong.
Would you guys like to share an orange with me?
I've invited my friends.
You have many books.
The Earth moves around the sun.
I really like her, but I'm not sure that I love her.
That's not interesting.
Why don't you stay a minute?
That's probably plenty.
No, that's not the station.
If you see any mistakes, please send a message.
The game was called off on account of rain.
Did you say three?
I was in the car.
I learn the language by myself.
I cannot even though I want to.
The dog is on the chair.
Tomorrow is another day.
Who bought you this?
I've been praying for this day.
I've bought me a pair of shoes.
Which month is it now?
It's important for the students to know what to expect on the test.
In the early days of American history, blacks lived in slavery.
Increasing numbers of people in France resented the absolute rule by the king and the nobles of France.
Tom won't swim.
I'm so happy for you.
Tom is going to enjoy this.
Do you have any tape?
I love my language!
You are important.
I know where you dwell.
The discovery of a new type of meal contributes more to humankind than the discovery of a new star.
This school has a zero tolerance policy.
He had a round, curly beard and not a single gray hair.
Who said I stole the money?
This dog is not mine.
Nobody can bring you peace but yourself.
George H. W. Bush ignored the AIDS epidemic during his entire term as Vice President. As President he paid lip service to it while refusing to do anything material to combat it.
What is art? Nature concentrated.
He was in his shirt sleeves.
I can make nothing of this quiz.
Do fish drink water?
Mary was convinced that she would never get married.
You know me well enough to know I wouldn't do that.
What did they steal from you?
I prefer riding a bike to walking.
"This is very amusing," thought the devil.
I've added a tag indicating the author.
The future is a woman with an invisible face.
I have a chest pain.
Men are so made that they can resist sound argument, and yet yield to a glance.
Esperanto has no true grammatical gender.
Can you all understand Tom?
You can't expect everyone to understand.
I think the death penalty is not a very effective way of trying to curb crimes.
All our efforts were in vain.
Please stop talking. I need to concentrate on my game.
My dog is very clean.
She's not ugly.
Donald Trump is a cancer upon humanity.
He has atrocious table manners.
I don't speak Arabic.
Can we trust him?
Tom was accused of performing a lewd act in public.
I changed the sentence completely.
You'd better see a dentist at once.
He has corporal's stripes.
I shared my room with sysko.
I don't know if I have the time.
The bus was totally full.
There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.
I'd looked for a weapon.
Have you ever seen Tokyo Tower?
That blonde girl with curly hair is from Sweden.
Bad weather is no obstacle.
And why do you ask?
Tell her I didn't read it.
I went to a class on solipsism and there was nobody but me there.
The night was so chilly that when I returned I was almost frozen.
He has a great deal of property.
Shut the fuck up.
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.
The best things in life are free.
The decision is in your hands.
I'm just on my way home.
Tom should've arrived by now.
You're never going to find another man as good as Tom.
I'd appreciate it if you could pay in cash.
Expensive is not always better than inexpensive.
There isn't time to explain in detail.
He didn't specify when he would return.
He gave it to me willingly.
Tom told Mary he'd never been to a nude beach.
She used all her skills making this dish.
Tom isn't lacking in courage.
I was asleep from one to four this afternoon.
Everything in the Universe, throughout all its kingdoms, is conscious, i.e., endowed with a consciousness of its own kind and on its own plane of perception.
Aren't you coming in?
"What is the matter?" asked the Spirit. "Nothing," said Scrooge. "Nothing. There was a boy singing a Christmas Carol at my door last night. I should like to have given him something: that's all."
What's Ken doing now?
I know how women think.
Nothing's on TV.
Don't do two things at a time.
In my language, the "," is called comma, the ";" is called semicolon, ":" is called colon, "..." are called ellipsis, and this sentence ends with a period.
What train is Mr Takase coming on?
A lonely boy was reading near a feeble fire.
Rodriguez was one of the revelations of the World Cup.
I was watching television when the telephone rang.
How did he come?
Just use mine for now.
We've done that in the past.
Tomorrow is another day.
I'm sorry. That's all I really remember.
Every country has a capital city.
His speech moved us.
There's nothing to eat.
Bears also tend to sleep more during the day than at night, although in the summer, with twenty-four hours of light, this does not apply.
My car is broken.
I'm very glad to see you.
Tom was trying to reach out to her.
She ran to the station for fear that she would miss the train.
Wind is a cheap and clean source of energy.
You're my enemy.
You kissed her, didn't you?
If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas.
Can you understand Tom?
No, I have a better idea.
He has a lot of poise.
Free Bolivia!
I'll go to Boston with Tom.
That's a serious problem.
Constant dripping wears away a stone.
They're playing football.
Who are those guys?
I thought Tom would never find it.
Son of a bitch stole my backpack, ate my sandwich, and shit in my Thermos!
It's an ugly language.
She is both rich and very beautiful.
I like to calculate.
The more foolish a child is, the cuter he seems to his parents.
This aisle is reserved solely for toothbrushes.
I shit in your milk.
Do you have something that you want to say to me?
After he finished supper, he began to read the novel.
This dictionary is better than that one.
Quite a few people were invited to the ceremony.
It seems that it is getting warmer and warmer every year.
There's no food left in the house.
She's seventeen.
I like both of them.
Esperanto unites humanity.
He performed his duty at the expense of his time.
There is an apple on the table.
He knows no English, not to mention German.
This is how I like it.
I don't get why you would pride yourself on being a jerk.
George Orwell was a supporter of what we now know as "political correctness," considering it to be "only the most ordinary politeness."
My blood is no redder than yours.
Don't treat young people like they're stupid.
What did you give me?
Their influence becomes greater every day, but they are uncreative and can't make value judgements.
Can you speak Japanese?
Do you want Catalonia to become an independent state in the form of a republic?
I want some water.
Make the best of your small income.
Who fired the gun?
Love, in fact, is the agent of universal synthesis.
Have a safe trip to China!
He understands Bengali.
What's the temperature?
It's already seven o'clock.
No one likes to lose.
I'll go to school.
I've got no more than five hundred yen.
She gets around him.
Could you turn on the light, please?
I work with you.
I awoke to find myself lying on the sofa.
Every truth has two sides; it is as well to look at both, before we commit ourselves to either.
We've been friends ever since.
I see my rose.
I played an important part in the garden party.
I don't like fireworks.
Buy some toys.
Tom couldn't think of Mary without remembering how painful their breakup had been.
The train leaves Rome at eight.
Would you like to share an orange with me?
I can't make promises.
I like the silent church before the service begins, better than any preaching.
Guests mingled at the wedding reception.
At the age of six he had learned to use the typewriter and told the teacher that he did not need to learn to write by hand.
Hey, you! No running by the pool!
Do you suppose it will rain today?
It's easier to lose a village than get a home.
Does he speak Kurdish?
But despite his victories in an important series of wars in many parts of Europe, Napoleon suffered some very serious losses.
I want to talk to your mother.
This channel communicates with the sea.
I know that he went to London.
What do you want?
You should've learned that in school.
No one seems to know what happened to Tom.
We all quit.
I need to go now.
My fever won't go away.
Instead of wishing away nine months of pregnancy and complaining about the shadow over my feet, I'd have cherished every minute of it and realized that the wonderment growing inside me was to be my only chance in life to assist God in a miracle.
Her friends waited for her by the gate.
Music is a way to dream together and go to another dimension.
The letter was written by hand.
How come you didn't call me last night?
No one has seen Fadil.
Don't smoke!
You're sensitive.
Tom told Mary not to go there alone.
Tom's an extremely honest person.
You can adjust this desk to the height of any child.
Give my regards to your wife.
Swallows herald the summer.
Omid is Bahá'í.
The correspondence is kept in several files.
Mary is a lesbian.
Why wasn't I asked?
I don't know how to cook.
I scaled Mt. Fuji three times.
My mother is five years older than my father.
My name is Jack.
Sometimes he can be a strange guy.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
An exception is a thing which takes the liberty to differ from other things of its class, as an honest man, a truthful woman, etc.
I left your umbrella in the bus.
The boy was very pale, and trembled in every limb with cold.
Tom agrees.
Will they break the ten-second mark in the hundred-metre race?
I'm not willing to cook dinner for twenty people.
Can you figure out this problem?
Children need loving.
You can't sing and dance on Good Friday.
My heart, the bird of the wilderness, has found its sky in your eyes.
There are but a few men who don't know that.
When we know what God is, we shall be gods ourselves.
How can I change your mind?
I will change this translation.
When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was close."
Something extraordinary has happened.
I failed to come on account of a heavy snowfall.
Don't get excited. It's nothing.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
I think Tom really is a doctor.
The Palestinian Authority should go.
That never happened.
Yes, certainly.
He's abrupt in his way of speaking.
Was anybody in there?
I will decide that later.
Every new language is like a game.
Were you all serious?
You're sensitive.
The park is located in the center of the city.
The most effective means for the propagation of Esperanto is the fluent and elegant use of this language.
She has lost all hope.
Tom went to Boston to study music.
I feel homesick when I remember my family.
I think you'd better go on a diet.
That boy takes after his father.
I wanted to say something to him, but I didn't.
Tom became a drug addict.
We are hidden in ourselves, like a truth hidden in isolated facts. When we know that this One in us is One in all, then our truth is revealed.
I'm on a boat.
I thought you were Japanese.
Fold the towel and place it on the towel rack.
Sami didn't have a plan.
Tom and Mary are fascists.
He was reading a newspaper.
What time do you usually get up?
Uncertainty is to the soul as torture is to the body.
The station is to the west of the hotel.
Do you speak Chinese?
Did you audition for the part?
George H. W. Bush had no respect for the dead whatsoever.
He was in despair over health problems.
What were you doing?
There's a fire down the hall.
I already told you.
If everyone likes you, you're doing it wrong.
It is because light travels faster than sound that we see lightning before we hear thunder.
My balance is negative.
Is the apple red?
Rajendra Prasad was the first president of India.
There is something great and terrible about suicide.
Let us be silent, that we may hear the whispers of the gods.
She went away without so much as saying good-bye to us.
My mother worries about everything.
There is nothing I congratulate myself on more heartily than on never having joined a sect.
What kind of poison was it?
Prices are very high in this store.
Who will count the stars?
This word has three syllables.
No one complains.
Do you have a coat and a hat?
Most of the people working here are bilingual, trilingual and multilingual.
It is pleasant to shave off my beard.
You'll go without television.
Have you finished doing your homework yet?
She parted from her friend in tears.
I dreamed a strange dream.
That's fucked up.
Can you understand Tom?
The desire to write grows with writing.
The first group studies in the morning, and the second group studies in the afternoon.
I don't like lying to Tom.
Do you speak Yiddish?
All you have to do is sign this paper.
Those children went away, singing a song.
Is there anything to drink in the refrigerator?
In an emergency you can fall back on your savings.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
I don't read French.
I'll be deeply affected by his death.
Some people say my love can not be true.
Unicorns suck.
How long did you stay?
The bird flew high.
She arranges the buying and selling of houses in and around Deal.
Inhale, and God approaches you. Hold the inhalation, and God remains with you. Exhale, and you approach God. Hold the exhalation, and surrender to God.
Happy Pesach!
Is the cat small?
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
During prohibition days, racketeers used to rub each other out to get control of the rum-running racket.
If you find the man, please let me know at once.
The last hope fled from her mind.
Economic freedom improves quality of life.
Bring that correspondence up to date.
She worked in Belgium.
Music is an outburst of the soul.
Doesn't Tom ever get tired?
He gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.
I polish my boots and go out — the old dirt will give way to the new.
Does he have a pet?
A mirror is better than an entire row of ancestral portraits.
Often in the darkest of times, artists can be at their most transcendent.
There are thirty students in the beginner's group.
This is irrefutable proof that Mary is innocent.
Tom assumed that Mary was talking nonsense simply because he didn't understand her.
The infinite! No other question has ever moved so profoundly the spirit of man.
Both girls laughed.
She likes Lake Mashuu.
Disease is all too often one of the concomitants of poverty.
He is watching TV.
He's afraid of the sea.
French isn't an easy language.
You are incomparable.
Only a person who can live with himself can enjoy the gift of leisure.
Are you at Tom's?
Tom concentrated.
Tom is off his meds again.
I know someone shot me.
I was speaking to everyone.
It's easier for a Russian to become an atheist than for anyone else in the world.
As long as you're here, I'll stay.
Last night I dreamt I was eating bees.
I like talking to you.
She returned from the hospital.
Could I see your Martian passport?
She is neither at home nor at school.
Is this train from Paris?
I can speak Spanish.
Do you feel like going skiing?
It was dark blue.
Excuse me, which way is the station?
You are free to go out.
He dwells in the country.
We weren't ready for it.
You have very nice penmanship.
In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.
Do you get along well with your new classmates?
He was afraid of the dog.
In our monogamous part of the world, to marry means to halve one’s rights and double one's duties.
Thank you in advance for your help.
The Phantom slowly, gravely, silently, approached.
He's a bit older than me.
Can you get around that regulation?
Shame be to him who thinks evil of it.
You fucked up my life.
Can I come tomorrow too?
Don't trust misogynists.
He's a health nut.
Who's Emily?
These women are strong.
The cause of the fire was his cigarette butt.
The researchers do not know, however, whether the structure of a person's brain determines his or her political beliefs or whether the political beliefs come first and the modified brain structures come later as a consequence of the development of these political beliefs.
I knew you wouldn't have enough time.
I think you're in my chair.
I don't know if Tom is here yet.
You're the only person I can rely on in this kind of situation.
When baking a cake, it is important to stick to the recipe.
You are welcome, Jack!
I refuse to be treated like a slave by you.
He told a very funny joke.
Tom told his friends that he never eats meat.
He also came up with yet another doubtful conclusion.
Friends are always willing to help each other.
I'm not excluding them.
It's very likely that it will rain tomorrow.
Esperanto is a living language.
The mother-child relationship is paradoxical and, in a sense, tragic. It requires the most intense love on the mother's side, yet this very love must help the child grow away from the mother, and to become fully independent.
Tom wasn't delayed.
Even if that were true, why would it matter?
This accident has caused him psychological trauma.
In Esperanto, the main stress always falls on the second-to-last syllable.
We are buying food.
Where can I buy bricks?
No one is interested.
Speak more slowly, please!
I can't believe Tom overdosed.
I don't see why I am in a bad humor this morning.
Dogs have a keen sense of smell.
Does your mom know?