You cannot change what you refuse to confront.
I think I understand what went wrong.
There's no wind here.
My mother never punished me.
I am not satisfied with what I have done.
They criticized each other.
The prisoner died under torture.
Louder, please.
This rope isn't strong enough.
How much is the dollar now?
Hold it!
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
I just don't know what to say.
Tom asks a lot of questions.
I have a lot of flowers. Some are red and some are yellow.
My husband is watering the flowers.
You have a habit of exaggerating everything.
My daughter caught a cold.
That boy's name is Shintaro Wada.
Opportunity makes a thief.
Everyone has the right to education.
Is there a free spot?
Don't sign the contract with a pencil.
Eventually, he hit the target.
Now we are seven Arabs.
A good horse knows its rider.
Living is my profession and my art.
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.
The tongue stings.
He stepped aside for her to pass.
I do not like mathematics very much.
Sami and Layla went out a couple of times.
Don't listen to her.
He thought of himself as being charming enough.
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.
I forgot it.
I hate fighting.
Where's the nearest train station?
He came to see me on the morning of May 15.
Tom and Mary are very much in love.
A painting is a wordless poem.
The company develops new products every other month.
I reached out and tapped him on the shoulder.
That's what I said to Tom.
Don't pay attention to him.
That experiment led to a great discovery.
I was bored to death.
Sartre was an important sociologist.
Mother Teresa was born in Yugoslavia in 1910.
Come along after me.
He disappeared without a trace.
Lend your friend money. Borrow money from your foe.
But a man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
Don't lie.
The green water is not suitable for drinking.
Will you buy for me some saffron?
When you wear camo shorts, what colour t-shirt goes with that?
I feel very sorry for Tom, poor fellow.
Do you need an envelope?
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
Ladies first.
When was she born?
Protestants don't venerate saints.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
I am well.
Open the door a bit!
I'm deeply in love with you.
As I was struck on the head, I was unconscious for some time.
Do you know how sausage is made?
He came into the room.
He's a fascist.
Good day!
He accused him of having stolen the bike.
We must develop renewable energy sources.
Tom is the only one here who doesn't know Mary.
What is principle of equidistance?
I speak five languages.
He is as tall as any boy in his class.
This cola has lost its fizz and doesn't taste any good.
I'll treat you.
He is living apart from his wife.
I think I have a theory about that.
I admit that I was wrong.
Tom doesn't know a whole lot about racing.
I imagined that brilliant people disappeared to some secret place.
His guess turned out to be right.
I didn't know when to switch the machine off.
Where is the bus stop?
I had a horrible dream last night.
I'm swimming in the ocean.
I want my money back.
There is little wine left.
I don't see why I need to do this.
You should use a deodorant.
Piotr is interested in soccer.
You can go out, as long as you promise to be back by 11 o'clock.
Did you do your homework?
Can I offer you another piece of cake?
We could not see anyone in the street.
Why me?
A human should not make the same mistake.
The government banned cigarette advertising on television.
I really want to be with Tom right now.
What is your greatest source of inspiration?
Tom is thirty years old.
I was compelled to leave school.
My father always sent me to school when I was little.
Persian's not hard.
Even though it is raining, I don't care at all.
Please pass me the salt.
Two plus two makes four.
I'm begging you.
When cleaning the classroom, a few students carry the podium.
Explain the following.
We have a wide choice of books.
You must not despise a man because he is poorly dressed.
Tom wasn't there yesterday.
How can we learn the truth?
Which color do you prefer?
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.
I put in an hour of jogging before I go to school.
Tom is the one who told me when the meeting would be.
I understand.
He who thinks he has learned enough has learned nothing.
Occasionally, things don't go as planned.
He dressed up as a woman.
Accompany me if you have time.
Many people are living illegally in the country.
When I was younger, many people used to say I was beautiful.
He's my half-brother.
Do you know the meaning of "climate refugee"?
Once again.
I worry that I have caught a cold.
The brightest student expressed gratitude on behalf of his classmates.
And finally, twelve points to Estonia!
You shouldn't do it merely to please me.
Marie accused her of having stolen the bike.
Didn't I tell you to clean your room?
Ah, the phone card's already running out.. See you in half an hour.
She was exiled from her country.
What's up with Tom?
It took me more than a week to get over my cold.
I don't feel well. Could you give me some medicine?
Follow him.
The whole nation mourned the hero's death.
A house built of wood is more easily burnt than a house of stone.
He will regret it sooner or later.
A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.
Homicide is punishable by death.
My mom wants me to study in Switzerland.
Humour is the satire of yesterday.
At first, I couldn't understand what he said.
This is me, Aunt Wong.
Good wine needs no bush.
Was there anybody in the car?
Tom checked his watch.
Please forgive me for opening your letter by mistake.
Strawberries sell for a high price in the winter.
Raisins are shrivelled grapes.
It isn't what he says that annoys me but the way he says it.
In past, Iranians lived on naan bread, but nowadays basic Iranian's food gets rice.
No.
He arrived safe and sound.
The winter's sun gives only little warmth.
She boiled the eggs.
This site is really great!
At the moment she saw a tall man with a gun standing in the doorway, she instinctively backed away.
How many times a minute does the average person blink?
Ignorance is bliss.
Did you inform your teacher of this?
Let me help you with those groceries.
I was born in 1972.
Every day you should at least listen to a short song, read a good poem, look at a beautiful picture, and, if possible, say several intelligent words.
Tom doesn't know the difference between an Austrian and a German.
Today, things are better for the Latino community in the USA.
Hello, Meg. How are you?
I remember Tom telling me about the time he and Mary had climbed Mt. Fuji.
I don't think I like you anymore.
Tehran is in Iran.
She cried.
A good beginning makes a good ending.
It seemed unlikely that Tom wouldn't come to Mary's birthday party.
I don't want to hear any more.
Tom didn't believe it for a second.
I would take this brown tie.
I have just been to Sapporo Station to see my mother off.
You are a goody-goody.
We have elected him chairman of the meeting.
Sorry, could you turn the radio off?
I like Russian food.
The sun melts the snow.
Everything is on schedule.
If he doesn't want to learn, we can't make him.
They are just waiting for the storm to pass.
I went to the station.
There was a big fire near my house last night.
The files are in proper order.
What do you think about when you go to sleep?
Get down on the floor!
Let go of it.
I'm not afraid of lightning.
I do love you.
I want something cold to drink.
Shift the sofa so that it faces the fireplace.
How's the weather in Iran?
You should work hard.
His wife was old but he loved her.
I was eating in restaurant yesterday.
An apple fell on the ground.
I do not fear death.
I prefer coffee to tea.
I came here yesterday.
He had time to prepare his men for battle.
Could you shout to Tom and tell him it's breakfast time?
It's futile.
Tom won't let you go.
My parents don't understand me.
I got lost in the maze.
He was so confused that his answer did not make any sense.
You can use my dictionary.
Write about the relationship between the artificial environment and the natural environment.
Our teacher warned him not to be late again.
I wish I had more time to talk with her.
I was in Iran.
I'm not accustomed to such treatment.
What are you hiding from me?
To be quiet in class is to respect other people's sleep.
Getter Jaani is very sweet.
I watched him cross the street.
This watch is ten minutes slow.
If you're wrong, admit it. If you're right, be quiet.
Hold still for a moment, please.
He is always losing his umbrella.
His goal is getting promoted.
A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
You should tell him the truth.
You need not work so hard in order to pass the examination.
Samara Morgan never sleeps.
Men are but children of a larger growth.
Which do you prefer, Coke or Pepsi?
It is not crime against God in Islam that a man has two or more wives.
There hasn't been a drop of rain in two weeks.
I met Meg, who told me the news.
I lived in Tehran.
I'll be in bed by the time you get home.
A coward dies a thousand times before his death. The valiant never taste of death but once.
Magdalena is interested in geography.
A chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
He asked me for help.
I'm leaving, goodbye!
I don't know if I have the time.
I see.
Tom likes kittens.
I do not have an account in these forums.
I don't have a single enemy.
I gave Tom everything he asked for.
Do you think Tom would want to go with us?
The fire is going out; will you add some wood?
Ask no questions and hear no lies.
The more popcorn you eat, the more you want.
I called you three or four times, but you never answered your phone.
You make mistakes if you do things in a hurry.
Where is Tehran?
All that read this can read.
She wanted to die because she couldn't satisfy her parents.
Tom doesn't live in Boston now.
Each person was given enough food and clothing.
Have you heard the good news?
Hello, world!
Is the bank open?
I went home.
Tom decided to mosey on over to Mary's place.
You had plenty of time.
Please stay here till I get back.
Time is money.
One speaks English, and the other speaks Japanese.
She is what is called a genius.
The flight took us ten hours.
They insisted on my paying the money.
She loves flowers.
Exams are right after summer vacation.
I want you to stand guard.
There were islands in the sea.
It was a problem difficult to solve.
An ambassador is an honest man sent to lie abroad for the good of his country.
Whom did you buy?
Tom is a real cowboy.
She cleaned all of the house by herself.
It's a quarter past nine.
African folklore is very interesting.
Ken beat me at chess.
The site http://esperanto.typeit.org/ really facilitated my survival in Tatoeba.
This TV show is aimed at children.
He changes his schedule from day to day.
Tom and Mary were married in a small church not too far from here.
I would like to thank you for your great job.
A captain is in charge of his ship and its crew.
Tom doesn't believe that Mary is happy.
Tom chewed Mary out for staying out all night long.
Insure it, please.
The flowers smell good.
Good cat!
He denied his marital status.
Just when the first human beings will reach Mars remains to be seen.
Will it be much longer?
I don't like ice cream.
In spring, nature gets green.
He was asked to account for his failure.
I can't remember her name.
It was close to 2:30 by the time Tom reached Mary's house.
Do you want me to come to Japan to see you?
Mary can dance well.
What will you do on New Year's Day?
The boy sat on a chair.
I don't like school.
I can speak Esperanto like a native.
I don't want this news to be made public yet.
I missed the bus.
Why is everything going wrong?
Didn't I tell you to take out the garbage?
Why are these girls so mean?
Save up something for a rainy day.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
She was blind, deaf, and mute.
Does anyone know French?
Now it's time for the weather forecast.
If men are wolves then women are devils.
Tom decided to mosey on over to Mary's place.
To the best of my knowledge, she hasn't left yet.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
These clothes are not appropriate for a cold winter day.
Let's break stereotypes!
I love Arabic.
What is the price of peace?
I got the book back from him.
Your family should come before your career.
I'm drinking water in the kitchen.
Tom was the only person to have ever managed to escape from that prison.
Water law is the field of law dealing with the ownership, control, and use of water as a resource.
The marriage feast continued for three whole days.
Aim. Fire!
It's not my business.
We'll help.
Which one of those books did you give to Tom?
She likes jazz, and I do, too.
Why do we have to help Tom?
You're absolutely right.
Mr Koizumi succeeded Mr Mori as prime minister.
You're from Iran.
They won't put up with this, when they find out.
It may freeze next week.
Why won't Tom let you use his car?
A fox smells its own stink first.
Tom tended to curse like a trucker whenever things didn't go his way.
How do you know my name?
When it was time to vote, he abstained.
The eagle does not catch flies.
It depends on the context.
She's intent on going to New York to study fashion.
They don't have proof.
I'm kind of happy.
All his teeth were sound.
What exactly are you saying?
Just shut up and get on with your work!
Suddenly everything went black and I lost consciousness.
I like chocolate.
Whose book is this?
Last year I watched no less than fifty films.
How long do we stop here?
I've had this song stuck in my head for two days!
I want to buy this jacket.
I can't agree with you on this matter.
I love you from the bottom of my heart.
My clothes get wet so I took off them.
The dog's name is Ken.
You are completely right.
Our ultimate goal is to establish world peace.
Lobsters belong to a class of marine animals.
The workers took pride in their work.
I can't remember anything.
Tom took off the picture on the wall and hung another there.
I recommend learning about edible plants that are native to your area.
Tom was very scared.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
It is impossible for him to finish it in an hour.
Tom closed his eyes and made a wish.
Birds are indicators of the environment. If they are in trouble, we know we'll soon be in trouble.
I think I'll wear this red sweater.
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."
Rome has declared war on Venice.
Can you recommend any other hotels?
Do in Rome as the Romans do.
I can resist everything but temptation.
Yalda is the longest night of the year in the solar/Jalali calendar.
Bananas are yellow.
That doctor advised him to quit smoking.
I wear a suit, but not a tie.
He waved goodbye to us.
Peas and carrots are common ingredients in soups.
I am still alone.
Tom met Mary for lunch.
I was tossing and turning all the night.
They betrayed me.
I'm not going to explain it to you again.
My father is going to China.
He was appointed chairman.
He is not ashamed of his misconduct.
I can't sing as well as Mary did.
Tom is the one who told me what to do.
Hello, how are you doing?
You're not a boy.
Don't eat too much cake.
I hate Tom because reasons.
Twice two is four.
I still want to go.
The silk dress shimmers in the light.
The water on the road was just a mirage.
Do you play squash?
A lie can be halfway around the world before the truth gets its boots on.
He went in place of me.
Our house, our rules.
Tom only thinks about money.
What color is this?
She often changes her mind.
Tom politely pretended not to notice that Mary had been crying.
He doesn't exist.
Tom double-checked his door to make sure it was locked.
We do not respect the environment as much as we should.
Congratulations!
This stool is made up of leather and wood.
Can you make yourself understood in English?
Nowadays toilet and bathroom is one piece.
Hi. How are you?
Take the book which is lying on that table.
I'll wait right outside.
I don't have any brothers.
Summer begins early in my country.
She is in conflict with her father.
What does that word mean?
I bought it last week.
Tom doesn't want you to discover the truth.
Pakistan is a Muslim country.
I'm good, how 'bout you?
Tom's being mean.
Tom isn't interested.
She takes care of her old mother.
We must find them.
All of you betrayed me.
This was her only mistake.
"Excuse me, do you speak English?" "Yes. A little."
No way.
My business acquaintances know this number.
I don't want the horse.
In linguistics, the Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis states that there are certain thoughts of an individual in one language that cannot be understood by those who live in another language.
I accused him of having stolen the bike.
I trusted them.
She was a pioneer in this field.
There is a mistake in this sentence.
The last election was such a hot contest that several ex-ministers lost.
Tom spilled red wine all over Mary's white dress.
We're booked on flight 308.
We took turns cleaning the room.
Years passed.
It was a very long meeting.
Don't undo your bootlaces until you have seen the river.
Wherever you go, I will follow.
A half-doctor kills you and a half-religious scholar kills your belief.
Your bag is on my desk.
Thanks for your explanation.
This box is empty. It has nothing in it.
I can resist everything except temptation.
In August 1990, Iraq invaded Kuwait.
He who wants a peacock must accept the difficulties of Hindustan.
Every person who is alone is alone because they are afraid of others.
I am doing well, thank you.
Looks like no one's home.
You'll have to wait.
We accused him of having stolen the bike.
You cannot make bricks without straw.
Traffic noise is very harsh to the ear.
If it were to rain tomorrow, the match would be postponed.
It's my custom to go for a walk before breakfast.
Answer the question.
A miss by an inch is a miss by a mile.
Better buy than borrow.
Where's my phone book?
Tom was terrified.
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.
That's an interesting proposal. I'll think about it.
The accused is to appear before the court on Friday.
Nobody is perfect.
A burnt child fears the fire.
This is my check number.
You're not half as clever as you think you are.
Where do you want to sell this?
I'm glad to have met you.
You should have kept that a secret.
Is this a dream?
A man is known by the company he keeps.
People worry a lot more about the eternity after their deaths than the eternity that happened before they were born. But it’s the same amount of infinity, rolling out in all directions from where we stand.
The woman is not beautiful.