They became man and wife.
Recently my brother in law, artillery major Y, came back from a three year trip in Paris. Surrounded by a great number of souvenirs he had brought back, we heard tales of his travels.
His daughter is quick in her movements.
He treats me as if I were a stranger.
I would like you to think about what you would have done in my place.
This figure is supposed to represent Marilyn Monroe, but I don't think it does her justice.
His brother passed away last month.
He did it, and what was more surprising, he did it by himself.
Please remember to mail the letters.
He-heh... there's a tale behind that, for that place.
I will go to the sea if it is fine tomorrow.
At any rate, I did my duty.
Not being tall isn't a disadvantage.
Modern methods improved industry.
We're going to the movies.
This aroused her suspicion.
They laughed at the photograph of my boyhood.
At what age do you want to get married?
We have to transmit our culture to the next generation.
More haste, less speed.
Mr. Sato speaks English well.
His teeth are yellow from smoking too much.
I'm unmarried.
They were talking from 8 to 10 o'clock.
This is in effect less expensive than that.
However that may be, I am wrong.
They like variety; they don't like to stay in just one place.
We are looking forward to your visit to our new office.
My father converted a garage into a study.
I had to drive myself to the hospital.
I have nothing to declare.
I have to do it by myself.
What a good speaker of Japanese!
By the time she gets there, she will be happy again.
I am accustomed to staying up late.
Give him this message as soon as he arrives.
He is so aggressive that others avoid him.
The soup is thick.
Tom didn't buy anything for Mary.
Is it going to rain today?
I should be grateful if you would stay until tomorrow.
He'd love to live in the city.
Do you have one that is a little smaller?
The roses are in bloom in our garden.
How long have you known Jim Robinson?
Whatever may happen.
How about adding some Worcestershire sauce?
He put on his glasses and began to read.
May I try it on?
When the whistle blows, the race will start.
People love to check out each other's houses.
I have a watch of Japanese make, which keeps very good time.
He rejected our offer.
It will soon be possible for us to go direct to New York by air.
I got together with her mainly because we seemed to share the same feelings about things.
The court declared him innocent on the charge of murder.
He thinks of everything in terms of money.
"Practising sword throwing?" "It just slipped out of my hands."
We were amazed at the excellence of the boy's drawings.
We're going to the party in eighteenth century costumes.
How careless you are to forget such an important thing!
You didn't seem to want that book.
He is my neighbor, but I don't know him well.
This adds to our troubles.
"You have to take all this medicine to get better," said the nurse.
She is great at skiing.
He did not repeat the truth to anyone.
Getting excited is not at all the same as getting angry.
Mr. Hunt is the principal of our school.
Nothing happened after all.
This song is liked by many people.
I work even on Sunday.
The population of Australia is much smaller than that of Japan.
I'm not a child anymore.
How much money does he possess?
Accidents will happen.
Careless as she was, she could never pass an examination.
It was careless of me to forget to lock the door.
The robber escaped being punished.
He promoted the idea of world government.
I have nothing to do with this matter.
Tom hasn't regained consciousness yet.
I am not your friend.
I'm economically independent of my parents.
My father got home late last night.
A great idea presented itself in my mind.
He worked from morning till night.
May I sit in the back?
I want to buy a book.
Three persons were killed and ten were severely or slightly injured in the railway accident.
He doesn't like oranges.
Language is the means by which people communicate with others.
You should do all you can to help your neighbors.
He studied hard so that he might enter the university.
You should wear a coat.
A diametrically opposed kinship pattern is to be observed among certain South Sea Island communities.
Pat stripped off his clothes and dived in.
Give me the same, please.
That is the common occurrence in Japan.
It began to rain heavily just as we got to the gate.
Her mother will continue to work.
His skill qualifies him for the job.
We're having a sukiyaki party this Sunday.
Excited girls look pretty sometimes.
I have not heard from her yet.
I am curious.
I'm thinking about visiting my friend next year.
I almost believe you.
I intend to go there.
Shikoku was hit by Typhoon No. 10.
The guard was on duty all night.
Tell me truly what you think about it.
He has every reason for getting angry with you.
People have time upon time faced 'a war that must not be lost'.
Children like playing outside.
I share an apartment with my brother.
He left just now.
Hi, how are you?
I had intended to go there.
You are under arrest.
Tom ran as fast as he was able to.
Stay here and wait for him, please.
Real women have curves.
Please pour him a glass of beer.
What time did your friend go home?
I can't help you because I am busy.
There came to Japan a foreigner.
We have a new puppy. He is about 12 weeks old.
The crops failed last year.
To her joy, she passed the entrance examination.
My efforts have brought me good luck.
He is active although he is very old.
I feel somewhat uneasy when I sit on a chair with Japanese clothes. I feel like the wind is blowing in from the cuff of my trousers.
His ability in English is above average.
I can't tell his twin sisters apart.
I am counting on you.
May I use a credit card?
You need not have come so early in the morning.
Women didn't care for him.
He's only got one shirt because all the rest are being washed.
This is the most beautiful sight that I have ever seen.
She was always telephoning me.
We had to put up with Kunio's poor table manners because he refused to change.
He did not know what to say.
Tom leaned back in his chair.
I found the book easy.
I think it necessary that you should do so.
Lack of flexibility is an obstacle to progress.
I've been on a diet for more than a year.
Locate Puerto Rico on a map.
The police arrested the man who had murdered the girl.
I'm from South Korea.
Oh luck! Like the moon, you steadily change, you always grow and then wither again.
My daughter won't find it easy to get accustomed to the new school.
The wind carries seeds for great distances.
She keeps a parrot as a pet.
The bicycle is mine.
If he asks, I will give it; if not, not.
I have been typing this report since this morning, but I'm only halfway through.
Go over it again.
A bowl of rice weighs about 180 grams.
The people here are accustomed to the cold.
I just got to the station. I'll be waiting for you at the library.
She lived all her life in that town.
If he asks us for help, we'll help him.
Under no circumstances can the scheme be put into practice.
He reads a lot of books.
The roses sometimes grow wild.
If you don't like it, it is alright for you to leave.
Nevertheless, devout conversation on spiritual things helps no little with spiritual progress.
You had better talk as clearly as you can.
He is my best friend.
He grabbed the chance to get a job.
Tom inherited the family business.
Turning to the right, you will find the hospital.
It is a great pity he was given up for lost.
Golf is now within the reach of everyone.
He was too sleepy to read the evening newspaper.
It seems like the cat smelled a mouse.
At his final exam, Bob was really put through the wringer; the test covered everything that was in the course.
What is he like?
Some people gain weight when they stop smoking.
I'll let Tom know.
She said no more work.
What's new?
A robot can do more work than a man can.
You must not open the door.
Eyes sometimes talk louder than words.
She is babbling with happiness.
Tom joined a book club.
I'll come as soon as I can.
The movie costarred two great actresses.
Which credit cards can I use?
I just finished breakfast.
Please take more pride in yourself.
Years of farm work have hardened his body.
Quit talking, will you?
She leaves for New York next Sunday.
My camera is a Nikon.
I want to have this dictionary most of all.
Keep out.
Don't fail to call me as soon as you arrive there.
Never tell a lie.
I study at school.
This book is written in simple English, so it's easy to read.
Nobody was conscious of my presence there.
This easy chair is quite comfortable.
That movie star has many fans.
Drivers should always be on their guard against accidents.
I wrote down her address so that I wouldn't forget it.
He urged us to obey the rule.
Take it easy. I can assure you that chances are in your favor.
This is a superb illustration of how Emmet modified the traditional architectural designs.
Her illness is not such as to cause anxiety.
You must be careful in crossing the street.
"That's right", said John.
The unemployment rate dropped to a five-year low in January.
It's high time you had a haircut.
He mistook me for an Englishman.
He has no right to interfere in our family affairs.
He went to London via Paris.
He has not been to France.
I wonder why tennis is played in mini-skirts.
Tom stopped.
We shared the benefit together.
At last, they came to a decision.
You should have seen the movie.
I took my temperature every six hours.
Did Tom actually say that?
I never spoke to him after that.
The house is built of red bricks.
He had to contend against physical suffering.
We'd better not change the schedule.
None of us knew his decision to win the long-distance race.
His jokes made us laugh.
Computers are really selling like hotcakes.
Would you mind coming with me?
He simply shrugged off my suggestion.
He mocked my efforts.
Tell me something important you learned this weekend.
This book is suitable for general readers.
This air conditioner consumes a lot of electricity.
He often gets worked up over little things.
Show me your passport.
It's amazing that he won the championship at the age of nineteen.
The sun is about to rise.
We cut the pie in two.
The very idea of it is disgusting.
Have a nice flight.
He is no good as a doctor.
They don't like to dance.
Tails are absent in some cats.
I wish you could have come with me.
For me, that is not a problem.
What we need most is your attendance.
This is a view of the Alps.
Curry and rice is her favorite food.
He is short, but good at basketball.
The line of cars stretched all the way from the expressway to the city centre.
No harm will come to you.
In general, people in America tend to prefer bigger cars.
She was late as a result of the heavy snow.
He tried to solve the problem.
My idea is worth reading.
The bread was baked light and fluffy.
Suddenly, he changed the subject.
Mary was about to burst out laughing.
As is quite common for teenagers aged from 13 to 19, she's full of herself.
They are high school students.
I'll call on you one of these days.
Let's clear out the attic.
He is still here.
I remember returning the book to the library.
Nancy was to show up at the place, but she didn't make it.
I inquired about the book in many stores.
He is a considerate father.
Our class consists of thirty students.
Hunger is the best spice.
I only used it once.
May I have this magazine?
Christmas is just two weeks away.
Drop by my office any time.
Let's not talk about it anymore.
Is everybody ready for the trip?
We danced to the music for hours until we were all exhausted.
The morning forecast predicted thunder showers later in the day.
Your face is pale.
For example, it is 7:00 a.m. in London now.
She took me by surprise.
You know about that, don't you?
He will arrive within an hour.
Dick talks as if he knew everything.
He was always pulling my leg when we worked together.
Running away is shameful, but it's useful.
This is all I can read.
You must certainly be very hungry now.
We would appreciate it if you grant us this concession.
I think it's unfair that you can't receive a good education if you're poor.
The decision was in favor of the defendant.
The noise startled him.
Would you prefer a window or an aisle seat?
It's the dead of the night.
There's someone coming up the stairs.
She talked childishly.
I don't mind if you smoke.
Two male school pupils sharing an umbrella? That's quite a queer situation.
He was destined to become a great musician.
It was not until this year that these documents were made available to the public.
Is that anyway to speak to your elders and betters!
Won't you come in and have a cup of tea?
Here is a weekly magazine.
The lion struggled to get out of his cage.
I found it difficult to understand what he was saying.
I'm busy.
On my days off I look after my nephew and go out for dinner with friends.
She was in time for the bus.
When Jesus saw Nathanael approaching, he said of him, "Here truly is an Israelite in whom there is no deceit."
It seems that everybody likes golf.
I discouraged him from going swimming because it looked like it was going to rain.
A beautiful girl sat next to me.
You're off the hook this time.
No Canadian would ever say that.
The actress fell backwards from the stage.
The cat clung to her dress.
We're worried about Tom.
It happened that I met her in Tokyo.
There is no factory in this village.
Have you been on an express train recently?
I had a pleasant experience on my trip.
Leave my things alone.
My mother was busy cooking the dinner.
If by any chance he comes, I'd like you to give him this paper.
December 3 is the International Day of Persons with Disabilities.
Mother gets up earlier than anybody else in my family.
What is the total number of students?
The goals were placed at the opposite ends of the town.
It's unusual for him to get up early.
Lions feed on flesh.
His stupid answer surprised everybody.
His remarks on the subject are much to the point.
The dictionary contains about half a million words.
The boy begged for a new bicycle.
You are a good tennis player.
John covers the Kanto area and Taro covers the Kansai area.
These words were spoken by someone who shall be nameless.
I forgot what I was about to say.
Her fiancé gave her a very big ring.
He resolved to do better work in the future.
Can you lend me a dime?
That's my own affair.
I saw the movie on video.
Alessia cannot speak English.
This hotel can accommodate over 1,000 guests.
Do you know how to tap dance?
He was lying asleep in the sun.
She doesn't have a lazy bone in her body.
Next year, this gravel road will be paved.
There's someone at the doorway.
It's time to put the plan in action.
How can we abolish war?
I'm sure it'll be easy to find a place.
By and by Mt. Fuji came into sight.
For my part, I have no objection to the proposal.
She has undertaken too much work.
I hoped to have finished it by this week.
It's locked.
Please write to me as soon as possible.
Curses, like chickens, come home to roost.
I've apologised, so lay off, OK?
Our teacher dwelt on the importance of punctuality.
I wonder what ever will become of them.
The cherry trees are about to blossom.
Next time I'll come earlier.
With a little more care, you would have succeeded.
There is a strong bond of affection between them.
I didn't remember his name until afterward.
I miss you when you're not here.
A coin dropped out of his pocket.
Something has happened to Tom.
Is she any better today?
It is hardly worth discussing.
The country is isolated economically and politically.
With respect to pronunciation, he was the best of all the students.
How long are you going to stay here?
A dinner will be given next Saturday.
I got off at the park.
It will threaten the prosperity of the town.
We are having an international trade fair this month.
Bring it back when you are through.
Now, please don't get so angry.
I'll have to let you know.
She had never dreamed of meeting him abroad.
You don't need to take your shoes off.
When she went to Oshima by sea, she got seasick and brought up all she had eaten.
Every year, spring brings warm weather to our town.
He was listened to with enthusiasm.
It's awfully cold this evening.
I always wear a watch so I know what time it is.
She passed away two days ago.
The new TV drama is quite interesting.
Yesterday was the school closing ceremony.
Nobody cares what you think.
Tom looks very healthy.
Moderate exercise invigorates the blood circulation.
What kind of Japanese food do you like?
Mary is not used to being made fun of in the presence of others.
Kick! Kick!
He cannot speak either German or French.
I'm thinking of going abroad.
Lend your money and lose your friend.
This car is out of date.
Germany produced many scientists.
Have you finished talking?
The two countries are closely related to each other.
The operator told me to hang up and wait for a moment.
All the students began talking at once.
I don't know if she will go there with me.
I as well as my brother am to blame.
Granted that you are right, we still have to persuade him first.
This place has a mysterious atmosphere.
I always keep my word.
He worked hard for fear that he should fail.
I'm accustomed to getting up early.
The government will have much trouble balancing the needs of its younger population with the requirements of the old people.
Not to harp on the same string, I still insist that those who drink should never drive.
My father has just come home.
The fire burnt ten houses down.
I tried.
Please cease from quarreling.
The consequences of Sendai's earthquake were dreadful!
You must not confuse liberty with license.
However much she eats, she never gains weight.
The police have started a nationwide hunt for the criminal.
If it's convenient, please come here tonight.
The baker is a good man.
He played the part of Hamlet.
There are many people that like Japanese animation in Latin America.
He held up his hands in token of surrender.
His gross manners offended his companions.
The boat sank in a flash.
I reckoned on her to take my place.
I really look forward to your visit in the near future.
The L.A. Lakers have got the game in the bag.
Her bag is the same design as her mother's.
I am afraid your watch is two minutes slow.
You can count me among your friends.
The dancer whirled around the hall.
He retired because of the loss of his health.
The Nikkei Stock Average lost nearly 200 points to close yesterday at 18,000.
You need another ten dollars to buy that camera.
I am delighted to meet you.
No problem at all!
I'll take it home with me.
He gave me what little money he had.
I am not concerned with this matter.
He dissented from the opinion of the majority.
It seems to me that he is honest.
He exchanged a plough for a sword.
The musical instruments and parts are completely professional quality! And yet the prices are lower than anywhere!
I don't have any sisters.
But this is the story of an old man who wants to die.
I will keep the fish alive.
Whether he agrees to my opinion or not, I will do the work.
Admission was free.
The Golden Gate Bridge is made of iron.
I hard-boiled an egg.
At night we can see more stars there than in Tokyo.
This hamburger is better than those of that shop.
These disputes between the two nations should be solved in accordance with international law.
The bullet went through his body.
I'll see you later.
There is another question too that we must discuss.
Someone was calling my name.
I've just eaten some sushi and drunk a beer.
She got a run in her stocking when she broke the heel of her shoe.
One of my favorite tunes was playing on the radio.
I play bass guitar in a guitar ensemble.
Who will look after the baby?
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would not change my mind.
This elevator's capacity is ten people.
I like the new guy. He's not afraid to take on challenging work.
Tom is an old friend.
She looks very happy.
Take your time. There's no hurry.
I don't like being treated like this.
She picked out three beautiful apples.
Since he had a bad cold, he was absent from school today.
Please leave nothing behind.
I wish he had gone on to university.
When you start looking like your passport photo you should go on vacation.
He has not come yet. Something may have happened to him.
It was broad daylight when I woke up.
He suddenly walked out of the committee meeting.
Watching the football game on television was fun.
Not enough time to catch the last bus.
Dick was involved in a traffic accident.
I'm not going home.
His condition will soon change for the better.
This dictionary contains a lot of information.
All of the books are good, but none as good as this one.
Karaoke, TV games, videos and a fridge ... love hotels nowadays really have everything.