Would you mind picking up something on the way back?
Tom is a great person.
Don't ever do it again.
Please don't ask me that.
Mary is not jealous.
Sami earns a six-figure salary.
My heart is yours.
I'll sleep here.
Doing that will take too long.
I'll let you explain.
Tom is a history teacher.
I'll go with you to see the doctor.
Where can I buy a bathing suit?
What movies have you seen recently?
Whatever you do, don't pull this rope.
Do you think Tom will let me win?
I'm going to blow your head off.
Don't stand next to me.
Tom and Mary were both crying.
Tom is in Boston on business.
That's too expensive for me.
I can help you do that if you want me to.
I happen to know a lot more about this than you do.
I am very pleased with my job.
I'm having second thoughts.
Tom and I have a nice house.
Is death the only possible exemption?
Are you saying you can't fix it?
Tom is going to be waiting for me.
Children should be taught to speak the truth.
Do that before it gets dark.
The plant sends out a spike on which the flowers grow.
Young people must respect the law.
Why did they arrest him?
I agreed that we should do that.
Tom is likely to be scared.
He gave me this doll in token of his gratitude.
Tom declined to give details.
I'd like another beer.
You don't love me!
These gases can lead to global warming.
Just relax, Tom, you're doing great.
I thought Mary said she didn't have a boyfriend.
Tom is slow, isn't he?
How did your plans to move to Boston work out?
We bought Tom a birthday present.
You have to do it, whether you like it or not.
The press is focusing on the scandal.
Let us help Tom.
I think both Tom and Mary have been suspended.
No one has time for that.
When I arrived, she was just getting ready to leave.
Tom always says that.
Am I the only one who thinks this is wrong?
Emily permitted me to live with her.
The water from the spring is very pure.
Tom lives with Mary in Memphis.
I'll pray for Tom.
The charges against Tom have been dropped.
Hey, listen to this.
What do you say we buy everyone a drink?
Tom grew up near a lake, but he isn't a good swimmer.
There's a car approaching.
Eid Mubarak.
We aren't very busy yet.
He spoke softly to the men around him.
Tom didn't seem to be as active as Mary seemed to be.
Tom knew why Mary slapped John.
I suppose you're worried about Tom.
We hope to cover the deficit.
Tom realized that Mary must be seeing someone else.
I agree with you on that point.
I think Tom is pompous.
Scientists long ago ceased to believe that the atom is the smallest unit of matter.
Did you get everything you wanted?
My friend scored 95 on the maths exam.
The road which leads to the hotel is narrow.
I wouldn't care.
We wanted to help them.
Who did Tom think would want to stay for another three hours?
There wasn't one student who was absent.
Tom spent all morning in the interrogation room.
You don't want to go, do you?
Aren't you going to kiss Tom?
Tom usually walks to school with Mary.
This problem is too difficult for me to explain.
I'm sure Tom didn't know he was supposed to do that.
They like stories.
Tom can't do anything without Mary's help.
Tom broke into Mary's office.
Just do your best.
I'm not certain Tom is here.
I thought you didn't smoke.
We all worked really hard.
This mysterious catastrophe dismayed the whole village.
I was very surprised when Tom told me Mary had left Boston.
Tom grew up in a small town not far from here.
I didn't shoot anybody.
Tom realized Mary was probably not going to be able to do that.
We're now waiting for the result.
He gave me his phone number.
Tom has no secrets from me.
I thought you were someone else.
You're a good mom.
You asked Tom how he'd do that, didn't you?
Mary, my love!
Dan had to decide whom to believe.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is ignoring him.
I've discussed the matter with Tom.
Layla wanted to make a personal call.
You want to donate money, don't you?
We still have the same problem.
Prices for Treasury bonds fell.
I did that just like Tom did.
We ran in the park.
Tom can sing better than anybody else I know.
The earth rotates.
I'd like to see you again tomorrow.
If I'm late, I'll be scolded.
Everybody hates the separatists.
Nowadays, I only listen to the radio when I'm driving.
We're having so much fun.
Tom has his reasons for doing that.
He wanted me to lie.
It's time to start over.
You're all washed up.
From the moment he arrived there, he kept on bothering his doctor to tell him when he would be able to go home.
I play football now. And you? What are you doing?
This isn't like Tom.
Fadil moved to Cairo.
If Tom heard you talk that way, he'd be disappointed.
She must still be in her twenties.
Tom got a call from Mary.
Are you ready for Halloween?
All Tom does is complain.
I have to get moving.
I must admit that things are looking quite optimistic.
Which dictionary do you often use?
I asked Tom where he and Mary had first met each other.
I'm expecting a call from Tom.
I used my windshield wiper to clean the snow on my window.
You'll find a rake in the shed.
Writers always have to have the last word.
Colors speak all languages.
Don't you have to be over twenty-one to do that?
Here comes the bus now.
Why didn't you just ask me for help?
Mary wore false eyelashes.
Those rules fostered discontent among students.
Tom hasn't done anything all morning.
We're in position.
I didn't know anyone there.
Tom burned Mary's picture.
It's been a tough year for me.
Tom went back to his car and got a flashlight.
The ground is spongy.
"Tatoeba is not a Japanese girl name." "Then, it's your Japanese girlfriend's nickname."
Mary may be feeling dizzy.
Tom is doing exceptionally well.
Please stay calm, everyone.
A ship is moored at the pier.
I want to know everything you know.
If Tom doesn't want to help, he doesn't have to.
Good luck!
You're up late.
We dance together.
Why aren't you in school?
This is a polyphonic composition.
Why is Tom tired?
Tom is awesome.
It's a beautiful day outside.
Tom left fingerprints on the doorknob of the room where the body was found.
Do you still need our help?
Please turn to the left.
I intend to hammer this idea into the student's heads.
I followed Tom into the living room.
Tom said he didn't have a choice.
Congratulations to you both.
Tom says you should always tell the truth.
Tom is sleeping now.
Tom shot him.
I know you want to do that.
My father and my brother work in this factory.
I talked with friends.
I haven't worn this in years.
I definitely remember seeing a picture of you and Tom together.
There were many people at the funeral.
Living in Kabylie is a best decision I have ever made.
A rope was thrown into the water.
I'd like to hear that from him.
Tom knows that Mary went to Boston.
She is getting married this fall.
Mary gave Tom a shovel for his birthday.
Tom doesn't have any reason not to trust Mary.
Tom wasn't the only one in the room that couldn't speak French.
Tom is very well prepared.
Would you have helped me a little, it would have been nice.
I might be dead tomorrow.
Tell your son not to harass my daughter anymore.
I don't like unrequited love; I want our love to be mutual.
I know exactly where I am.
I sort of liked him.
This is critical.
They want me to sell the restaurant.
No one knows if he loves her or not.
He is always cheerful.
That's quite helpful.
I'm learning Navajo.
I want to live in Boston as much as you do.
Tom will be good.
Who told Tom to sing?
My son isn't the only one who enjoys eating her cooking.
Why are you doing this to him?
Tom is the one who should do that.
I'm sorry, but I can't eat dinner with you.
What are the other men doing?
I need to find out when we need to be there.
He left his country two years ago.
It was mind-numbing.
Tom is never going to come back here, is he?
My favourite biscuit is Singoalla.
I hated them.
That's exactly what I would do.
I've already eaten all my lunch!
I can no longer trust them.
I've never seen a fat vegan.
Tom is a professional gambler.
We both saw them.
Tom and Mary never got along.
All birds have feathers.
Not all species of spiders are poisonous.
Tom should ask Mary to do that.
Tom and I have a lot of fun together.
I just want to see him.
Tom seemed to be in agony.
Tom lived in Boston three years ago.
You should've stayed in the hospital.
I'm not answering that.
Who's calling at this hour?
We saw Tom smiling.
I will accept my fate.
Do you know how to pronounce this word?
Could you verify that your computer is plugged in?
Why don't you turn on the TV?
If you were gone, I'd die.
They will set up a new company.
Do you know how to speak French?
Wake me up when we get to Tom's.
Put the baby to sleep.
Tom came to watch.
I want to know more about your country.
The house which stands on the hill is very old.
"Confessions" by St. Augustine tells us the timeless story of an intellectual quest that ends in orthodoxy.
Tom told me that he was early.
Many will be skeptical.
Tom could be mistaken.
I'm in finance.
I don't work at night.
In order to buy a foreign car, he worked very hard.
When the man saw a policeman, he fled.
I'm going to go change my clothes.
We had to help her.
Do you think you're photogenic?
You don't like me.
I am from Skopje.
I think he'll come.
You know I don't mind.
Do you wear a kimono?
When did you start liking baseball?
His satirical novel criticized the foibles of human nature.
You and Tom used to be friends, right?
We're on the same team here.
Health is everything to me.
Should I close the door?
Tom told us he'd be waiting in front of the post office.
You have a visitor in reception.
Doesn't it look a little strange?
Tom is the only one with a camera.
Let me alone.
What were you doing?
Sandy won't become a doctor.
I can't abide his rudeness.
Tom won't be going anywhere for a while.
We should be helping.
I tell her that every day.
This is what people do every day.
I hope that Tom isn't at the party.
We safely arrived at the hospital.
What made you do a silly thing like that?
Is that the guy that hit you?
When the jet flew over the building the windowpanes rattled.
We're still planning to go.
The politician did not keep his promise.
I walked as far as the station.
There is no choice.
We tend to make mistakes.
I don't eat out as often as I'd like.
Tom was brash.
Hunting game is forbidden in this tranquil wilderness.
Tom isn't going to hurt anyone again.
You must not sit up late.
Tom tried to tell Mary that he liked her.
I'm only going to say this once, so listen carefully.
Maybe I'll call you sometime.
I've enjoyed working with you, too.
Can we go to the circus?
I haven't done it yet.
This car is older than I am.
After I got out of the bath, my wound festered.
Tom is probably smarter than Mary.
There's a dictionary on the desk.
The weather wasn't so nice yesterday.
Tom intends to play tennis every day during his summer vacation.
It would be so easy to do that.
What a great story!
Everyone knows Tom has poor people skills.
I advise you not to borrow money from your friends.
I should've followed Tom's advice.
I'll mention it to Tom.
Are you sure you don't use machine translations?
I don't need your answer now, you can sleep on it and come back in a few days.
You work in Milan.
Tom pleaded guilty to drunken driving and his driver's license was suspended for six months.
The airplanes climbed very high.
I have more than enough to live on.
They're still together.
Tom ran a red light.
Tom could've told me.
Will you stay here for a while?
The West watches the elections in Rwanda with suspicion.
She did what she believed was right.
Maybe it's about time I started learning to program.
Sami was too shy to say anything.
That's the person I've been waiting for.
Tom and Mary showed me the letter that they received from John.
We won't let you pass away.
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.
Tom is precious to us.
I don't want to sell my soul.
Who said anything about retiring?
Mary made a number of mistakes on her test.
This cruel cold could make a man afraid of his own voice.
How long do we have to stay here?
That's pretty typical.
Tom answered all our questions.
Tom is heading west.
Tom promised to help.
My parents caught me smoking.
We were hoping you could tell us how to do this.
Is this a flower?
I don't think Tom knows why Mary didn't do that.
He acted strange.
Tom stepped into the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor.
Mike sings well.
I make it a rule to study math every day.
Oh, I forgot to buy milk.
My office is in the Foreign Languages Department.
Tom is likely to never do that.
This is the real problem.
Do you know how to play the piano?
Now you are sixteen, you should know better.
I wish to speak to Tom.
Since I lived in Tokyo, I know that city pretty well.
Tom is dating someone at the hospital.
It's about time you stopped watching television.
To what do I owe the pleasure?
I don't know when Tom called, but it was either yesterday or the day before.
Tom was on the bus, too.
Something's clearly bothering Tom.
Sami has probably done something bad.
He ought to have arrived home by now.
That secret can't be kept forever.
Can you put the children to bed?
Who took this picture?
He drives a pickup truck.
Tom should've been at that meeting.
Tom hears from Mary every now and then.
I'm looking forward to seeing you.
Tom said he had no more details.
I ran as fast as possible.
We're going to help them.
I'm glad we got here early.
Eating ice cream always puts me in a happy mood.
Do you think Tom and Mary are ever going to get married?
In general, little girls are fond of dolls.
What were you doing when I called this morning?
I've studied it.
Will Tom be able to walk again?
We discussed the matter from an educational point of view.
I don't like this tie. Show me another one.
I don't think Tom knows Mary won't be able to do that.
Marriage customs differ by country.
It was too soft.
Tom didn't do anything to help me.
Seventy or eighty years is the normal span of a man's life.
Tom is not happy with this.
Could we do this another time?
I think that Tom will call Mary.
Sam, what are you doing?
We lost our way.
Are you sure you're ready to go?
Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that.
It looks like Tom is about to cry.
Tom has obviously been listening for a while.
Animals act according to their instincts.
Were they good?
I almost never wear a hat.
I love martial arts!
Sami slept with a pistol under his pillow.
Is Tom famous?
Everyone knows you're crazy about him.
Did you know Tom is pretty good at speaking French?
The refrigerator door is open.
Go put on something more conservative.
I think Tom and Mary have fallen in love.
We'll take off in a few minutes.
Do you often eat dinner with your family?
Which shelf should I put this book on?
I'm glad you've come to live with us.
Tom wants to see if Mary likes his new song.
On the postcard, you can see a church.
Everyone was fighting.
Would this be acceptable to you?
Tom said that Mary was thin.
I've decided never to do that again.
I'm allowing you to go.
Tom dreams of Mary from time to time.
It doesn't look too convincing.
Give me those gloves.
Are you positive?
Comic books aren't as popular as they used to be.
Are you staying at this hotel?
Tom had a very good night.
It's an ongoing process.
Which photos did she choose?
I study maths more seriously than English.
I opened the windows.
I should've let Tom have my bicycle.
Kate knows how to make a cake.
Tom leaned over to look at the price tag.
I realized later that the person I was talking to wasn't Tom.
Sami cut Layla's head off to make it impossible to identify her.
Do you brush your teeth after every meal?
Tom told us to get in the car.
Tom could hear Mary snoring loudly in the next room.
Let's keep it.
I don't want any popcorn.
Tom might have a crush on Mary.
Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra?
The joke's on you.
Tom and Mary were just awful.
It is about the size of an egg.
Mr. Gardiner left them soon after breakfast.
It's because you don't want to be alone.
They have many questions.
I can prove that Tom did that.
Tom was perfectly safe.
I tried to forget.
You should just talk to me.
That's all I wanted to say.
Let's sit near the front.
I don't think you have all the facts.
You know I'm right.
Can Tom swim?
Tom said that he was done.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing what he's supposed to be doing.
Tom couldn't stop staring at Mary.
Tom taught me how to play chess.
I'm going to call her later.
Please go slower.
Tom found the experience exhilarating.
Tom began to learn French about three years ago.
Nobody is important.
Walls have ears.
In Spain, it's the Three Kings that bring the children their presents.
I can't think of anything that might help.
Tom said Mary was drunk.
Why did you lend money to someone like her?
There's a lot of dangerous stuff in this warehouse.
I had some calls to make.
I'll be the one who has to tell Tom, not you.
We should ask them.
I'll support you as much as I can.
Angels watch from above as men fight amongst themselves.
I gave everything I had to Tom.
I really don't see any advantage.
She has a charming face.
Her brother Kensaku is now in Brazil.
You're confused.
Tom hopes that he won't be asked to do that.
Have you ever known me to be mistaken?
We have to find Tom before it gets dark.
The bus was totally full.
With the T.V. on, how can you keep your mind on your studies?
I'll talk to Tom tomorrow.
I never listen to them anyway.
I cannot help you. I myself need help.
I'll drop you a line when I get to Tokyo.
Tom works at a popular hotel.
I cringed.
I had a rough night.