You need to call Tom immediately.
The squirrel is looking for nuts.
My water broke.
Try hard.
So, was it worth it?
What kind of person are you?
This one is for us.
That would be absurd.
A check is a method of paying money to somebody.
Don't sit on the table. It could break.
I don't want to eat anything.
Good job!
Quite a few people came to the party.
We're having steak tonight.
What are Australia's major imports?
She has no shame.
You should help your father.
You don't think I'm right, do you?
Good day. What do you want?
I really miss you all.
Our house is a historic building and is listed as a protected monument.
He is giving his whole attention to that.
I'm glad you're OK.
Everyone smiled.
Do you ever feel guilty?
This picture was taken three years ago.
Tom enjoys reading books in French.
The ship dropped anchor.
It is certain that he didn't go out that day.
Tom watches at least one movie a day.
You're in the way.
It makes me feel more confident.
Tom overslept this morning.
Everyone has to do this.
Tom's afraid.
My parents were teachers.
I may seem confident, but I get extremely nervous speaking in front of people. My hands tremble, I get all tongue-tied, and sometimes I don't even know what I'm saying myself.
I arrived this afternoon.
We can't even be certain Tom will attend the meeting.
A promise is quickly forgotten.
Tom began to learn French about three years ago.
There's food in the fridge.
The refugees were having trouble finding enough to eat.
Where is the emergency exit?
You can't kill me.
Are you mentally ill?
People who cannot find time for recreation are obliged sooner or later to find time for illness.
Would you mind if I record this conversation?
Tom is bad at lying.
There must be something in the box.
Tom knew what was about to happen.
I don't know whether I can go there or not.
Your moon is burning.
A neutral country is a country that doesn't sell weapons to a warring country, unless you pay cash.
Ostriches cannot fly.
Let her go!
Don't mess around!
Tom rubbed the stone that the good fairy had given him, whereupon he turned into a squirrel and could escape to freedom through the bars of the prison window with ease.
Illness often results from drinking too much.
I am a policeman.
Tom was there for me when I needed him.
I don't know her name, but I do know her by sight.
Have you a dog?
Tom is the oldest.
He showed us a picture of his mother.
I think that Tom is too aggressive.
Let me know as soon as anything happens.
Would you open the window, please?
What is the derivative of e^x?
Tom is lazy and spoiled.
Tom waited patiently for Mary.
I feel happy.
You don't need to make a big deal about it!
What would happen if a large asteroid struck the earth?
Tom is always sleeping in class. It almost seems as if he goes to school just to catch up on his sleep.
I already did that.
Tom has a lot of work to do this week.
I'm awake.
I haven't seen anyone that enjoyed a better life than his, even though his living conditions were terrible.
Tom was second.
Why are you being nice to me all of a sudden?
All my friends speak French.
She thinks I'm jealous.
He's a proper young man now.
After it was all over, Mary lived quietly in a small apartment overlooking the Mediterranean.
Her house is very modern.
I use Google every day.
Tom is awake.
Everybody laughed but Tom.
He is her friend.
I'm waiting for him to return.
I don't think we can keep the lid on the scandal much longer; people are bound to find out.
The baby cried all night.
Cyprus is an island.
Speak of the devil.
I'm a translator.
You guys aren't helping.
Tom will always love you.
Chicken!
It's all settled.
Give Tom some room.
Tom wasn't satisfied.
I dislike being alone.
I bought half a dozen eggs.
I call a fig a fig, a spade a spade.
Tom isn't as good at French as he thinks he is.
Tom has secrets.
I don't feel like exercising.
Those grapes look sweet, but in fact they're sour.
I'm sorry, I can't stay long.
Iron is much more useful than gold.
This seat is taken.
I watched a great movie yesterday.
I take a shower almost every morning.
I'll do it, but there's one condition.
When did she go to Mongolia?
The way he talks and acts, you can tell he's a redneck.
It is very cold today.
Here is the book.
Tom got upset.
His attitude disgusts me.
He's currently in prison for tax fraud.
The bar where Tom works lost its license because they had been selling alcoholic drinks to minors.
This is the tallest building that I have ever seen.
You are talking.
He has blond hair.
Tom's room is very small.
I know the feeling.
The audio feature is only available in some sentences in Chinese, Dutch, French, German and Shanghainese.
Are you seriously thinking about going?
Pekka Ervast, the author of "The Key to the Kalevala", says that the lord and the creator of the world was called Kaleva, and that, as a substantive noun, Kalevala means "the home of the Creator or the Lord", meaning the higher planes of life or the higher zones of unseen world.
Your wish is my command.
Tom can also speak some French.
What's your name?
Tom never visited Mary in the hospital.
I was in the top of my class.
They're both wearing uniforms.
Tom asked me if I knew anybody who could translate from French into English.
Please don't forget to shut the door.
I bit my tongue.
Ten minutes after they had passed Nara, the car ran out of gas.
Let's do our job.
You should get rid of that bad habit.
Jump across.
The cat is brown.
Wetlands also absorb excess nutrients, sediments, and other pollutants before they reach rivers, lakes, and other waterbodies.
Would you like something to eat?
I heard you had an accident.
I'm a little busy.
I've been keeping busy.
Tom has been to Boston several times.
Why did you lock the door?
Fire! Run!
He was busy.
My appointment is in thirty minutes.
My niece is a nurse.
For one second I thought I would die.
I was tortured.
Tom has a beer belly.
That is the bus stop.
It's wrong to steal.
Keep an eye on the girls; they are poor swimmers.
I eat noodles.
Bread with butter tastes very good.
All men are children, and of one family. The same tale sends them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning.
Real men drink tea.
He was unsure of what to do.
I just need one more day.
My ring is gone.
I can't do this without them.
The Latin language is not entirely unknown to me, but I altogether lack the ability to speak it.
Please don't draw the curtains when the window is open.
They formed a swim team.
That isn't going to happen.
"May I speak to Mr. Nakagawa?" "That's me."
Does your dog bite?
You are pretty like a cherry blossom.
Tom hung up the phone.
I don't blame you.
Everything's about to change.
Tom certainly doesn't need any more money.
Which photos did she choose?
I'm sorry for interrupting.
You had a chance.
In winter, the dry leaves fly around in the air.
This country suffers from brain drain.
She's more experienced than I am.
Tom is just kidding.
There are no girls on the Internet.
I won't try to persuade Tom.
Have you got a dog?
You're disrespectful.
Tom had a gun pulled on him.
Tom wants to be the center of attention.
Tom walked towards the stairs.
"You look like a tourist." "But I am a tourist!"
I thought that he would come.
May happiness knock on your door.
Thanks for the advice.
Cows like to eat grass.
Derby Day is Wednesday fortnight.
I have been dealt four aces.
Do you have an alarm clock in your room?
Every sentence present in Tatoeba is a lie, especially this one.
Tom has dark wavy hair.
Let's get divorced.
Which book is yours?
Sweatshop labor, rainforest destruction, global warming, displacement of indigenous communities, air and water pollution, eradication of wildlife on farmland as “pests”, the violent overthrow of popularly elected governments to maintain puppet dictators compliant to big business interests, open-pit strip mining, oil drilling in environmentally sensitive areas, union busting, child slavery, and payoffs to repressive regimes are just some of the many impacts of the seemingly innocuous consumer products we consume every day.
It expires tomorrow.
My father, who is now working in America, wrote us a letter last week.
You must concentrate entirely on your recovery.
You should concentrate on the road when you're driving.
Tom spends all day speaking French at school and only speaks English at home.
Russia is big.
Give me all the flowers you have there.
We washed our feet.
Tom will always be here for you.
I like her attitude.
Are you good at speaking French?
You run.
Tom says it's urgent.
You won't be able to do that without me.
You're the teacher.
To gain time we took the plane.
A cold wind blew in.
Greetings, stranger.
You shot her, didn't you?
Thank you for the opportunity.
You can trust him to keep his word.
Please speak French.
What're you doing?
Her socks are gray.
He has a large number of books.
I have to go to the hospital.
Do you think that men and women can ever just be friends?
Tatoeba: Better to make no sense than no sentence!
Everyone makes mistakes.
Can we speak French?
Leave me alone now.
Why do you want to kill us?
God makes you healthy, and the doctor gets the money.
I know that German with a long beard.
I hope to see you.
I know that Tom likes jazz.
Tom wanted to help Mary.
You've got some cheek!
The functions sine and cosine take values between -1 and 1 (-1 and 1 included).
I intend to destroy everything.
"Pfirsichbäumchen" means "little peach tree" in German.
That was my first time to eat horsemeat.
Tom is drinking some coffee.
She eyed the stranger suspiciously.
I'll see you guys Monday.
I saw something white flying in the sky, so that I came to believe in angels.
You need to come quickly.
He talked about ending the war in Korea.
We're a couple.
She doesn't talk to me about anything anymore.
The meeting ended earlier than usual.
You wouldn't happen to have a knife on you, would you?
Don't give yourself airs.
I was trying my best.
There's a cat under the table.
Tom wiped his spectacles.
Tom tried to keep Mary warm.
May I see your passport?
This isn't quite what I had in mind.
Tom is smarter than you.
It's a bad idea.
If he is abroad, he is constantly homesick.
This baby is 3 weeks old.
Whatever!
Mosquitos love me.
There's nothing left for me here.
Beef, please.
What sport do you like best?
I do love you.
You are wrong.
The sun was shining.
What a strange guy!
My little brother is watching TV.
Walk slowly!
I waited three hours.
The gossip spread around the school like wildfire.
Keep reading.
How beautiful it is!
He'll be seventeen in February.
I'm used to talking about it.
Do you mind if we have a look?
Tom's children can't speak French.
Tom told me he didn't take French in high school.
Tom was as naked as the day he was born.
The accent of this word is on the second syllable.
Tom cut my hair.
We admired his wisdom, not to mention his courage.
They're very enthusiastic.
By chance I met my ex-girlfriend in Portugal.
Please take the bread with the tongs, thank you.
Do you have time to eat lunch with me?
I'm looking for somebody who understands French.
I drive a hybrid.
I'd like to check in, please.
Tom shot him.
Tom's novel has been translated into French.
It's 2:00 p.m.
Better to be a happy fool than an unhappy sage.
She stammers when she feels nervous.
Give up!
I'm not my father.
That's a lovely idea.
Tom doesn't know anything about computer programming.
Tom was in a meeting all day.
I hear music.
The prince and the jester had a lot in common.
I have to leave now.
You're too young to understand.
Are you impressed?
Tom doesn't use any social media.
Did Marika translate any comic books from Japanese into Finnish?
My dog tried to bite Tom.
We've decided to hire Tom.
I've been asked to give you a message.
I don't like warm winters.
A man must work.
You'll fall down.
Do you know what this means?
Where were you working last year?
Why me?
Take a look around.
When do you usually get off work?
Tom went to work at fifteen.
You ought to ask him for advice.
Six of them are burning.
I know you're not lying.
Men who are unhappy, like men who sleep badly, are always proud of the fact.
The town is always crawling with tourists.
Why don't you ask your teacher for advice?
He has changed his name.
Tom cut class again today.
I'm from Saudi Arabia.
I'm in Hong Kong right now.
Have you found an apartment yet?
This woman is not pretty.
Flee.
The message was in French.
Some people think that gambling's a sin.
Tom translated the document into French.
We are still hoping that Tom will get better.
Tom is your teacher, isn't he?
She wanted to meet you.
A terrible demon lives in the forest.
We waited for Helen at the library for an hour, but she didn't appear.
Are you a religious person?
Stop Tom.
I faxed a map to Tom.
I'd give you a raise if it were up to me.
She stole a lot of money from him, so now she is in prison.
You're a lot smarter than you think.
We shouldn't have bought this car.
It never occurred to me that I might be wrong.
Please go on with your story.
Does anyone know how to use Photoshop?
Take England for example.
Tom begged for mercy.
Tom set the table.
I have the feeling that I've seen these shoes somewhere before.
Fadil opened a fast-food restaurant.
This is my first journey by airplane.
Most of Mary's friends were boys.
I'll be there in a little while.
She is not a physician.
Here's your drink.
Tom overslept.
There are dragons here.
Tom knows some words in French.
You've got a black eye.
I ate too much today.
I don't believe we've been introduced.
Solve the problem.
No. I want to pay in cash.
Ignore it.
I almost cried.
Are you the doctor?
Everyone should have a hobby.
I'm amazed at his rapid progress in English.
We stayed at an economy hotel.
Toucans regulate their body temperature by adjusting the flow of blood to their beak.
Nothing that Tom does surprises me anymore.
Tom may take all the time he needs.
Beauty without grace is like a rose without a scent.
Tom moved over so that Mary could sit next to him.
I'm a hero.
I am curious.
Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful.
They're good people.
It was warm, so I opened the window.
Hello. Are you Jackie Scott?
All aboard!
I wouldn't dream of selling my guitar.
The noise kept me awake all night.
I ate in the canteen.
Don't be late.
Let me see.
She's alive!
The moment I saw him, I knew he was angry with me.
You've hit it! The book was still in the car.
That's an improvement.
Tom has been sick in bed for a long time.
I walk in the forest every day.
What's Tom's full name?
Anything is possible.
We have several options.
I know how much Tom meant to you.
I like shopping on Ebay.
I'm a vegetarian who eats a ton of meat.
I love this photo.
Does anybody want a pizza?
Sarah Bernhardt was a French stage actress.
It's none of your business!
He will be back in ten minutes.
Sickness empties the wallet.
Tom hurried away.
I came as soon as I found out.
You need to work on saving your marriage.
We were out together.
My first deed as Senator is designating you as the official jester.
They can help.
We're having a three-day weekend this week.
Tom must be very proud.
Pink is not just for girls.
I'll cook bacon and eggs.
We traveled around Australia.
Mary's goal is to own a home before she's thirty.
What are you going to do?
If you see a mistake, then please correct it.
I'm not going to make it on time.
I don't understand German.
Tom is a hunk.
The snake swallowed the dog whole.
Selling cars is my job.
I didn't ever expect to see Tom again.
I'm getting a master's degree in education.
I'm sorry for the mess.
Where is the mate to this sock?
There are four seasons in this country.
I like it very much.
They're very capable.
Let me help you.
Some went on foot, and others by bicycle.
Pace yourself.
Where's your school?
Try not to worry about her.
The baseball season has opened.
Tom was able to escape from the burning plane.
I forgot Tom spoke French.
My elder brother is really tall, about 1.8m.
You'll never be alone.
I spurn your offer.
There's only a couple of days left until our winter vacation.
Keep an eye on them.
Did you iron all the shirts?
I've never seen one, except on Wikipedia.
You can do whatever you want to do, of course.
Did you turn the stove off?
Could you give me a little help?
I ate pizza every day last week.
You have to drink 2 litres of water daily.
The structure of the language is also a structure of understanding.
Remember, you're pregnant.
I can hardly wait until summer.
You should prepare for the worst.
The Pantheon is now a church.
He was heartbroken from unrequited love.
I have a slight headache.
To keep you is no benefit. To destroy you is no loss.
It wasn't so bad.
I must decline.
The car is yellow.
Thanks for saving my life.
The cat has two ears.
Please, give me something to eat.
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of chemotherapy.
I didn't have any problems.
Am I correct?
Tom could never forget the terror of war.
Goodnight, Timmy.
Run!
You never say that you love me.
When will dinner be ready? I'm terribly hungry.
I don't like being single.
She stayed here by herself.
Tom is interested in French history.
Is that so?
Tom said that he did nothing wrong and that it wasn't his fault.
Tom is panicking.
So fuckin' what.
What's the plan for tomorrow?
Do you know the Wikipedia website?
I'm planning to disguise myself as a doctor.
And are there boats?
Kate broke his heart by rudely demanding he go away.