Math is like love - a simple idea, but it can get complicated.
The girl opened her eyes, saw the bear, and fled to the window.
I don't like these remarks.
It's very cold in my house.
Algeria makes drones.
You can't miss it.
Where could my glasses be?
I'm going to move next month.
Sami told that to a nurse.
Sami is our hiphop teacher.
The rain lasted three days.
You disappointed me.
None of my friends drink coffee.
I got her an ice cream so that she wouldn't get depressed.
Do you remember what you did last Friday?
That's a serious problem.
Sami waited there.
It is our destiny.
You have many books.
The art teacher hated me.
What would he know?
Do you eat in the classroom?
Her baby can walk.
Sami made an alarming discovery.
Where are the showers?
The details of the project have not been clear for the last two months.
He went to sleep at six o'clock and he is still sleeping.
He saved the child at the risk of his own life.
You are saying you intentionally hide your good looks?
They need your help.
"It's a miracle! It moved!" "I think it's the wind."
Deal us the cards.
I liked this film.
Layla is Sami's private nurse.
How do you know that?
I would like to speak to the head nurse.
You have three pens.
Mary is my wife.
She is absent because of sickness.
Sami studied Arabic for one year.
Peter is buying a tomcat.
Sami was in a no-swim zone.
Where's your sister?
Is your father a doctor?
Tom can't speak very much French.
I'm not here to hurt you.
We danced to the music.
Did you see that?
He has two houses.
I don't like my school.
Please speak to me in English.
Sami can leave.
I'm very happy now.
Life without love is just totally pointless.
Sami followed Layla on Instagram and she followed him back.
I can't.
Sami taught Layla how to swim.
The card you drew was a red, wasn't it?
Be friendly.
I was tired.
Tom does not like this color.
Layla lived in a residential area.
You should live up to your principles.
Tom paid Mary back.
You should understand, this is serious.
I'm the one who loves you.
I'm thirsty.
Sami got two life sentences.
We kept them quiet.
We need rules!
It is a difficult task, choosing what is "right" or "wrong", but you have to do it.
Sami is a YouTuber.
Do you speak Italian?
Sami raised some suspicion.
My legs still hurt.
Excuse me.
They call me Bob.
I'm not his friend.
Layla pushed Sami to the wall.
Sami asked Layla to help him out.
There's one thing I didn't mention.
Don't forget to put a stamp on your letter.
Every word in this dictionary is important.
Layla was a beloved kindergarten teacher.
How much did the tickets cost?
Sami is better than Farid.
I have never eaten Chinese food.
You should go.
How's Tom?
I'm not leaving until you tell me what I want to know.
She didn't come before two.
Sami didn't hate Muslims.
Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief, and freedom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship and observance.
Mennad slept over at his father's house.
M insults D - the Tatoeba database is one sentence better. D insults M - the Tatoeba database is one sentence better. D and M are even, and everyone else wins.
Who's coming with me?
He thinks he's too good for us.
Fair enough!
Sami and Layla walked down along the beach.
What time is it?
I'm from Tokyo.
It's all Greek to me, but to the Esperantist it's Volapük.
Sami is a danger to the society.
The crown prince is the one who is to succeed to the throne.
In the summer it's very hot in southern Spain.
Do you know what this means?
The man sitting over there is a famous singer.
He earns his bread as a writer.
Germany is called "Deutschland" in German.
You want a divorce, don't you?
Sami was on medication.
I'm proud of you.
Move in here.
I thought you would never come here.
Is your mom at home?
Why not see the doctor?
Listen to Tom.
Fadil decided that he wanted to learn Arabic.
They say that she was born in Germany.
The art teacher was strict.
Fadil was definitely afraid.
I'm really scared of thunderstorms.
Do you wash your hands before meals?
He's so young.
Omid is Bahá'í.
I have the keyboard of berber on my phone.
After you.
They were punished for their crimes.
That's a hard question to answer.
I ate an insect by accident.
Our website is offline for scheduled maintenance.
Women change the world.
Sami and Layla are cousins.
Hand me that book, please.
He didn't just eat 1 pear, but 3.
A wonderful view, isn't it?
Where did he learn to write?
I was here yesterday for three hours.
Sami had an SUV.
These glasses are beautiful.
I love both cats and dogs.
The people at SETI are looking for intelligent life in the universe because they haven't found it here on Earth!
She cleaned her room in a hurry.
His parents go to church every Sunday.
You should wear a coat.
This park is really beautiful and clean.
When did Tom buy that shirt?
I met her on my way to school.
That's my cat.
Good.
That person thinks that my cat lives on the tree.
Layla gave birth to baby number six.
Sami was cool with Layla.
Please get down.
It is worthwhile learning Spanish.
Layla was very depressed.
You're my hero, Sami.
Could you please move out of my way?
Layla looked back through the window.
What did you buy?
And say, "My Lord, increase me in knowledge."
I cannot give you a definite answer today.
Sami listened to the recording and heard a man's voice in the background.
Sami never shaves.
Wait a minute, Mary!
It happened one night.
I'd like to live in New York.
Sami rode the same bus as Layla.
I knew who Tom had talked to.
I fell in love with a woman.
I hope Tom isn't looking for us.
Thanks for your explanation.
What's up, dawg?
I'm pleased to meet you.
I won't give up because I have something worth fighting for.
I wish summer break would hurry up and get here.
Goodnight!
Why was that happening?
Tom didn't take it with him.
I have three sisters.
I was in London last month.
Me and him are friends.
Is this your first examination?
Fadil bought a house in Cairo.
Stop trying to cheer me up.
Layla preferred to spend her time out of the house.
He's taller than me.
Sami had asthma.
Where is the school?
Let's eat something before we go out.
There's one black cat sleeping on the yellow chair.
Yesterday my uncle bought a dog.
Sami and Layla live in separate worlds.
What's your occupation?
Slaves did most of the work.
I have to go now.
You need to come home.
Sami was spending more and more time at Layla's house.
The boy started crying.
Sami got wounded.
The teacher went around the class.
May I use the toilet?
Yes, she is angry.
Can you climb up that tree?
Fadil kept his word.
Sami and Layla have six children.
On my way to work, I ran into my uncle.
Sami owes me money.
It's impossible to learn English in a month.
When you dislike others, you are disliked by them in turn.
I told them to stay in their room.
Sami has to clean up this mess.
I like each of them.
Do you remember the time when we were children, and travelled on a train?
When will you come home?
Tom walks slowly.
Sami moved back.
Open your mouth!
I wish I could forget about that incident.
It is not a joke, you will have to pay the full price.
When did you come to Japan?
I have to find it.
Fadil was at a party.
I didn't want to embarrass you.
Did somebody mention my name?
Tom tried to tell me something, but Mary interrupted before he could say anything.
She took her own life.
Sami made many YouTube videos.
Layla was a Sunday school teacher.
When shall we have the party?
I've seen Tom here before.
You're always criticizing me!
Who destroyed the garden?
Is there any possible way to recharge our mobile free of cost?
Sami injected Layla with poison.
Sami dumped the clothes he had worn during the crime.
Fadil fired a couple of rounds.
I'll never ever forget him.
Sami can tie his shoes.
I did see him.
Do you girls have the berber keyboard on your computers?
He plays the piano very well.
They are listening to the radio.
I love trying to do new things.
Layla was down in the basement.
Tom isn't the right man for the job.
In hard times, you find out who your friends are.
I'll help you if possible.
Sami makes his own perfume.
I saw you driving your new car.
Sami went through treatment.
Sami snitched on himself in a YouTube video.
Could you bear anyone to treat you like that?
There's not a cloud in the sky.
Tom left the gate open.
Sami and Layla argued over the custody of their children.
Let him go!
Sami hid behind a pine tree.
I have three dogs.
Don't leave me by myself!
Fadil was all in.
Sami is getting old.
There is no sign of life on Mars.
Sami should assume responsibility.
How many people did you see in the park?
It takes twenty minutes to walk from the station to school.
I admire his skill at driving.
Sami was not in love with Layla.
After his divorce with Layla, Sami's whole life was in shambles.
Thank you.
What did you talk about?
You may take either of the two books.
"Where does it hurt?" "Everywhere."
Their wedding will be tomorrow.
I'd like to ask a favor of you.
Our dog was run over by a truck.
Do I look okay?
How's life in Gaza.
I have nothing better to do.
I don't share your opinion.
Please shut the door behind you.
I don't blame you.
We sent them a copy.
I can't put up with this noise.
I am sorry.
Salaam alaikum.
We safely arrived at the hospital.
May I borrow this book?
He's accustomed to traveling.
Do you want a drink?
I'll decide.
I don't care about profit.
He gives her everything she asks for.
Sami was minding his own business.
Sami repaired a broken window in the bathroom.
Tom is in the house.
So let there be no doubt: Islam is a part of America. And I believe that America holds within her the truth that regardless of race, religion, or station in life, all of us share common aspirations – to live in peace and security; to get an education and to work with dignity; to love our families, our communities, and our God. These things we share. This is the hope of all humanity.
I'm tired of this Germanic language.
Sami slumped over.
The teacher literally body-shamed me.
I haven't eaten since breakfast and I'm very hungry.
I know you're going to say no.
Bring it to me.
How dare you?
Please come here.
"Mary, will you answer my question?" asked Adèle while trying to control her excitement.
I'm Kabyle.
They are demanding shorter working hours.
You are too sensitive to noise.
If you look at the lyrics, they don't really mean much.
Tom and his friends are playing poker.
I can't think of anything to write about.
You're just running away from life's problems.
A son must obey his father.
Sami had six classes within a day.
Welcome.
Watch out! There's a big hole there.
Do you remember?
Jim detonated his explosive belt.
Sami saw the dog.
We met our teacher.
Good night!
No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honour and reputation. Everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks.
Do you drink coffee?
Stop the car.
"How old are you?" "I'm 16 years old."
What is the principle reason for going to school?
Fadil went to Layla's house to spend more time with her.
Sami can swim just about as well as Layla can.
I'm reading this book.
Sami went to the mosque on Friday.
I asked Tom to stop following us.
Personal computers are very useful.
I want your opinion.
Please show it to me again.
Here's a big map of Germany.
Run as fast as possible.
He bought a dress for her.
They say that every year the number of tourists is greatest in October.
Tom wasn't able to finish what he'd started.
I wonder if he loves me.
Sami has swallowed dozens of pills and a bottle of tequila.
Imagination affects every aspect of our lives.
I followed her into the room.
Fadil lived here.
John inherited a large fortune.
I'll never overlook your mistakes again.
The Internet is an invaluable source of information.
Does Tom like basketball?
There is a border between the United States and Mexico.
Sami terrorized Layla into being with him.
Sami is bossy.
He is slowly recovering from his illness.
This castle is beautiful.
This knife was very useful to me.
Sami was close-by, waiting patiently for Layla to finish talking with her girlfriends.
Thanks again.
My wife is afraid to drive my new car.
Who burned the cake?
Layla saved Sami's life.
"Walakum-us-Salam, Al-Sayib!" Dima replied, but raised the volume on his phone this time, so as to avoid making this a duplicate sentence. "What are you up to these days?"
Sami had never met a Muslim in his life.
I'm going to leave school.
I'm not surprised.
Come at ten o'clock sharp.
There are many words that I don't understand.
The teacher is coming in.
I'll talk to him about the loud music.
Will you go to America next month?
Your baby can walk.
Sami had a perfect family life.
It was not one battle, but many.
Who is Sami's father?
Trump is what Americans deserve.
Sami was distracted.
This problem is really annoying.
It wasn't the first time they had done it.
Sami's van was parked in the driveway.
He killed that man.
The two-state solution is not the good one in Palestine.
I do not have any stomach problems.
I think you thought what I'm going to think.
Sami died.
She loves children.
Women age faster than men.
I'm going to work.
I've never seen such a beautiful sunset.
She told me an interesting story.
No. I don't know. It's a lot of things.
Where are those two?
That's because you're a girl.
This is a clinic, not a gym.
Are you back already?
Layla rubbed Sami's hand.
They have lost a lot.
Fadil learned Arabic in Cairo.
You are right.
Thanks to the bad weather, the game was canceled.
In France they say either "(téléphone) mobile" or "portable", but the latter is ambiguous, because you often cannot tell whether it refers to a telephone, a computer, or another portable device.
Sami was fifteen or sixteen.
There's nothing there.
Where's the exit?
Fadil swapped good grades with street gangs.
Layla worked at a strip joint.
I carried iron, but didn't find anything heavier than debt.
Give me your impression of this book.
There are always some chores to be done about the house.
The express train went by so fast we hardly saw it.
You can't prove that.
Tom can run fast.
I saw a house whose roof was red.
Both of them are in the room.
You must not despise someone because they are poor.
Mary plays the piano.
The art exhibition is now being held in Kyoto.
I'm not stupid, am I?
She dreamed of their future together.
Money started pouring in.
Do you know who bought your painting?
Because we love you, we are updating Tatoeba to bring you a better user experience. See? We love you huh?
She doesn't live there any more.
I have lost my wallet.
It's time for you to buy a new car.
You're an angel!
You have some books.
Sami gave Layla the keys to the main door of the club.
All the students stood up when Dan played the national anthem.
This water is delicious.
We are responsible for your protection from now on.
Do you really need one more dog?
No one knows where he is.
It's because he doesn't like us that he doesn't want to eat with us.
Their job is to do make-up for performing artists.
Sami loves country music.
She left with her friends.
Sami liked it here.
What are you doing?
She's a student.
I'll never forget them.
She came to Tokyo when she was 18.
He's as strong as a horse.
After I slapped Layla, I felt terrible.
Sami ended his own life.
We hardly ever see you around here.
How about going to a movie?
It's lunch time.
I like to study languages.
The boy came running.
Communism will never be reached in my lifetime.
Would you take part in this event?
It is getting colder day by day.
I went to the coffee shop yesterday.
Let me know before you do anything concerning the clinic.
Look again.
A fork fell off the table.
Fadil's love for Dania was built on lies.
Sami was pissed.
Be vigilant.
The teacher made fun of me.
The house has three stories.
We had three airplanes.
Sami was so ugly.
Do you have your driver's license?
Will you make a list of issues to discuss?
How could someone shoot themselves in the back?
Who would be its next victim?
How much could I buy this house for?
I can peel an apple.
What has Layla done to her hair?
How will he pay his debts?
My father likes pizza very much.
I'm a hero.
Hitler led Germany into war.
This is something I need to do alone.
Who will sing tonight?
Sami's mother was Muslim.
We're lucky Tom is here to help us.
Tom wasn't here yesterday.
What's up there?
Tom needed food.
Sami missed his history class.
Sami has six dogs now.
I put roll-on antiperspirant all over my body. If sweat starts squirting out the top of my head, you know why.
Do you speak... English?
He lent me two books.
Fadil had a plan and he was very patient.
On some computer boards, the capabilities or configuration was set using a dip switch mounted on the board; today these settings are done in software
My friend doesn't play tennis.
We both worked in Kabylie.
Police sent a dog in.
Yesterday we had fun.
Tom will never do that.
You are to get up earlier.
Our restaurant is better than that restaurant.
Sami's family gathered to remember him.
John works hard.
Police had reasons to suspect Sami.
Layla tried to use religion to protect her children from the evils of this world.
I have your table right here.
We just have to swallow it.
John took a key out of his pocket.