Parents aren't rational because love isn't rational.
I opened the box and looked inside.
Jack can't afford to buy a new bicycle.
This time, the exam was not just difficult, but also, the questions were ambiguous.
Yesterday, a thief entered the house.
Please show me another.
Then his mother thought.
There's no explanation for what happened to Tom.
I wanna come back to Lucca.
Sorry, but I can't have dinner with you tonight.
Tom comes from a musical family.
Do you remember when we first met?
My baggage is missing.
He was cheated (out) of his rightful inheritance.
You have every right to be mad at me.
Please keep me informed.
I need the new version no matter what.
I just spoke with her.
Tomorrow is Wednesday, and the day after tomorrow is Thursday.
Would you recognize him?
I study for many hours at night.
Tom asked Mary if she trusted John.
They are vegetarians.
My sister has been married for three years.
The desire he has had for years has been fulfilled.
Is there a reward?
Nobody does it better.
Do you have a cat?
I don't understand what you mean.
I will go to London tomorrow morning.
You two stay here.
Tom didn't know anyone in the room.
It's about a ten-minute drive from here.
Are you afraid of dogs?
I want to hear the rest of the story.
I've seen them before.
Roger, what you say makes sense and I agree with you.
Oh, there's a butterfly!
Did you read it entirely?
Tom said you were sleeping.
There can be no compromise.
I disagree with that comment.
Try to keep your eyes open.
Where do the airport buses leave from?
There are a lot of big cities in Brazil.
What else do you want?
Children need a lot of sleep.
The students at that school wear uniforms.
Take the leftover food home with you.
This medicine will do you good.
Let me help you, if necessary.
I'm afraid it's not a good idea.
Many English words are derived from Latin.
I agreed with Tom.
We have the same group of friends.
Go through the orange door.
She is always busy.
Come and see me whenever you are free.
Has anyone heard from Tom?
It's so easy.
Please wait here for a while.
Tom isn't going to hurt anybody else.
I have made up my mind to work harder.
She was born in the United States and grew up in Japan.
I'm getting hot.
Don't forget to bring a camera.
His friends traveled to the town with me.
Don't forget to ask after Mr Long's wife when you see him.
How far is it to the airport?
You have very sexy legs.
We stayed around the bonfire telling jokes and horror histories.
I can't take another day off.
You had better invite them or they will be offended.
I told Tom his answer was wrong.
Most people write about their daily life.
Do whatever he tells you.
Let's try it.
The restaurant is full.
The courier just arrived.
There are four seasons in a year: spring, summer, fall and winter.
Tell me why you aren't planning on going to Boston with us.
I was also invited.
She is no match for me.
I can understand your language.
I'm not used to this.
Please stick this label to your baggage.
He stopped to make speeches in cities along the way.
She's a real hottie.
I don't want to go to school.
You should put safety before everything else.
Mary wants to meet the right man.
She warmed herself by the fire.
Tom thinks he's a genius.
Get away from this city.
I imagine Tom will be a finalist.
I am eating dinner with my husband.
I like your beard.
I have a lot of flowers.
Everything is working.
You spend too much time worrying about things that don't matter.
What's the difference between a village and a town?
It seems to have worn out.
What kind of oranges do you plant here?
Tom checked the list.
He never tells lies.
Tom grabbed a chair.
We need to buy her a present.
I came to Tokyo three years ago and I've been living here since.
He told me his life's story.
Won't you share my umbrella?
We are learning Arabic.
I've lived abroad for ten years.
This is not fun.
I'm sorry if I made you feel unwelcome.
Where did you sleep last night?
You have to learn standard English.
"Do you want to know how he did it?" "I'm all ears."
Smoking is prohibited in this room.
Jackson sent a message to President Monroe.
I'm depending on you.
You're driving like a maniac!
Write with your left hand.
Give me a beer, please.
I can't remember what I had to eat yesterday.
I've believed in Kylie Minogue since June 12, 1998.
Sharon found out that she was going to have a baby.
We are not the only ones to believe that he is not guilty.
Tom is on trial for murder.
He has run out of energy.
How much have your lives changed?
He won't like this.
Can I take your bags?
How long are you going to stay in Oxford?
This is very, very unusual.
I'll never forgive you, Tom.
Young girls really want to be slender.
This car is his.
I will go to Athens.
One can't learn to do anything without making mistakes.
She was hurt to find that nobody took any notice of her.
Try this on. It's your size.
I can see a ship in the distance.
Tom will join us shortly.
What time does the party start?
There are islands in the sea.
I need the exact address so that I may go there.
I have many Vietnamese learning books.
John is an American boy.
Tom dropped out of school.
He has decided to carry on the work.
Am I right in saying that, like me, you study Spanish?
You shouldn't eat this meat. It smells bad.
Which game shall we play next?
We all agree in liking the teacher.
We saw a light far away.
This car is his.
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.
He's responsible for that.
I don't care where we eat dinner. It's entirely up to you.
Here's a list of things that Tom needs to do.
The village is easy of access.
Call me when you see fit, thank you.
The number of people on Facebook is greater than the population of the United States.
It turns out you were right about that.
What do you want to talk to me about?
If you keep on complaining, I will get mad for real.
Tom denied all the charges.
She hired him as an interpreter.
They all left.
It would be nice if my uncles were very rich.
I'm eating rice now.
I can't go back without you.
Is it all right to eat out tonight?
Just enjoy it.
How many examples per day can you add?
He was not at all surprised at her ability.
This is our friend Tom.
When acid touches metal, a chemical reaction happens.
That's not how it works.
She looked surprised at the letter.
It's ours.
I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love.
I wish people would stop saying things in ways that crush young dreams.
Tom and I have some catching up to do.
Gotta go.
What time did the plane arrive at Narita?
May I go home?
Most of this building's tenants are artists.
He made an effort to arrive on time.
Give me a beer, please.
Excuse me, I'm lost.
Keep your hair on!
What should we do about them?
Who do you think she lives with?
It takes two to do something strange.
I left your umbrella on the bus.
That's why we are here.
It is safe to skate on this lake.
He introduced you to me, don't you remember?
The thermometer fell to zero last night.
"I can't stand my sister's kids." "But they're so cute!"
I would like to buy a sofa.
The workers stopped short of constructing that building because they didn't have enough money to finish it.
The blind nurse devoted herself to caring for the elderly.
I ran across your mother in the library.
Stop it! You're making her feel uncomfortable!
I'm going to have a little talk with Tom.
Who's here?
The news made him happy.
Thank you for inviting me to the party.
What do you want now?
Could you teach me some Vietnamese phrases, please!
First off, I'd like you to come with me to a department store sale.
I've been seeing someone.
Follow me and I will show you the way.
That woman always cheated on her husband.
Tom appeared confused.
He won't like this.
That's because you're a girl.
Is this going to hurt?
I'm not going to let you do that.
I'm always running into trouble with money.
I stay in Osaka.
Nothing is beautiful but the truth.
This song is familiar to us.
There are too many things to do!
The curtains are open.
I think that Tom will be on the same plane as me.
Tom needs an umbrella.
How many rackets do you have?
She is not as punctual as her little sister.
You lied to us.
Tom isn't ready to be a father.
I always have coffee and toast for breakfast.
Do you plan on attending this afternoon's meeting?
Do they have weapons?
Never call anyone fat.
Does the cough disturb your sleep?
His wealth got him into the club.
We'll wait outside.
I slept well last night.
Thank you!
Mary allowed Tom to kiss her.
She gave me a watch.
I've tried reasoning with him but he just won't listen.
I'm sorry I misunderstood you.
Twenty teams entered the tournament.
I got on the wrong train.
Nobody can replace Tom.
What do you do in your free time?
You absolutely need a passport to travel to a foreign country.
That's why Tom came.
The species will be made extinct by the end of this century.
He changed his name to Tom Jackson.
I should get back to the hotel now.
He reluctantly agreed to my proposal.
The speaker cleared his throat.
I'm getting tired of looking at the furniture we can't afford
My brother named his cat Huazi.
The former minister of energy was elected president on Sunday.
There is no reason for her to scold you.
I won't be able to finish if you don't help me.
Don't brake suddenly.
Don't look at me, don't stare at me, demon, don't stare, I can't bear it!
I give you my word.
I'm glad I could help.
You may take the book if you can read it.
Mom baked a cake for my birthday.
I don't feel like eating animal proteins today.
I need to explain a few things.
When I have a problem I can't figure out, I ask Tom to help.
I don't want to wake my neighbors.
You've got to see them.
We can't help them anymore.
There was a large audience in the theater.
Stay at home till noon.
The fish he caught yesterday is still alive.
Why don't you eat vegetables?
My scalp is very itchy.
Tom says he's never lied to Mary.
I'd like to have cake for dessert.
I like to carry out historical research.
Are you busy today?
I love astronomy.
Let's not get greedy here.
The only thing Tom likes to do after dinner is watch TV.
I like eating tomatoes.
The students learned many poems by heart.
She pretended not to see me.
They lived in the countryside during the war.
I don't know anybody here in this town.
He is unpopular for some reason.
The cat ran after the rat.
Tell me everything you know about her.
There is nothing like fresh air.
No, please dial nine first.
Tell Tom what you mean.
Our students showed remarkable progress.
I would rather starve than steal.
What's there to do?
I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me.
Who is that old man?
Tom spent a year in Boston.
At the seminar, they threw us all together into groups and made us talk together.
It is said that women live longer than men.
He did it without malice.
She was not happy about it.
You probably know more about me than I know about you.
I chewed the gum.
He's at the hotel now.
Are we finished?
Tom doesn't have to talk about it if he doesn't want to.
You have to choose your own path in life.
Tom doesn't need to be here until 2:30.
She is independent of her parents.
It depends what you mean by "believe" in God.
Sampling must be performed in a manner that guarantees random selection.
Mary died of breast cancer.
He sounded disappointed.
The world doesn't revolve around you.
Tom wanted something to drink.
There is no wind today.
No more bets.
Parents who beat their children really make my blood boil.
He can swim a mile.
She has to stop smoking.
Tom demanded an apology.
The students learned this poem by heart.
Let's drink to his success.
Fadil also took care of his grandmother.
Don't take more than five minutes.
Billy, get lost! I don't want to see you here again.
You'll get used to it.
Beating the game without continuing unlocks the secret character.
Don't worry.
Quiet music was heard in the room we entered.
I don't want to go to school.
He overslept this morning.
I heard that Brush's mother is a prostitute.
Tom will be so pleased.
We tried to handcuff them.
Tom left at four in the morning.
I've got nothing to lose.
The Solar System has only eight planets now as Pluto, which was the ninth, has been reclassified as a dwarf planet.
Is the post office open on Sunday?
Will you be home this evening?
There was some kind of white powder on the floor.
It looks like we've been able to fill in that one year gap and renew our old friendship.
Tom isn't good at reading maps.
Once this process is started, we can get the result within one hour.
We call the mountain Tsurugidake.
I want to buy my children everything I never had.
My hair's messed up this morning. At least lend me a hand mirror - it should be shut in the drawer there.
They blamed the failure on George.
I'm afraid Tom will say no.
John's hand is clean.
Pass the ball quickly to a person behind you.
It doesn't hurt to ask.
That would be sufficient.
This doesn't fit.
The army was in retreat.
She allegedly murdered him.
He was forced to resign as prime minister.
Tom tried to convince Mary to dye her hair red.
It's kind of hot.
I'm occupied at the moment.
I got a B in arithmetic.
The accident occurred at the mouth of the tunnel.
Tom went to Boston in 2003.
Tom has called an ambulance.
This is my mother's computer.
Those who are suffering from hunger in Africa need urgent help.
The fronts of the houses were hung with flags.
I often call, but seldom write a letter.
I need to pee.
Tom's a very bad guy.
Tom's dream is to travel around the world with Mary.
If you want to get a visa to go to America, you have to go through a lot of channels first.
What're you saying, Tom?
You have to change trains at Shinjuku.
That was an evil bunny.
My friend likes chocolate ice-cream.
Tom never was successful.
Let's take a ten-minute break.
What makes you think I'm going to resign?
Easy living corrupted the warrior spirit.
Look what I got Tom for his birthday.
It's been raining for around a week.
My eyes are sore.
Unfortunately, I don't have so much money on me.
The class was too big so we split up into two smaller groups.
I can't eat or drink very hot things.
If you like seafood, you've come to the right place!
When drawing kanji be careful of dots and sweeps, write as carefully and quickly as possible.
Let us be fully aware of all the importance of this day, because today within the generous walls of Boulogne-sur-Mer have met not French with English, nor Russians with Polish, but people with people.
I have no memory of what happened.
I'm trying to learn English.
Tom was shocked when I told him what Mary had bought.
Tom speaks with a slight accent.
How much money is left?
I was kidnapped.
Where did you see that woman?
I have nothing special to say.
Please tell me when he'll arrive here.
We're one big, happy family.
Your hair really does look untidy.
I wonder if this is some sort of scam.
Tom assumed Mary would be late.
The rice crop was harvested.
At our high school, French is an elective.
Did you read it all?
Does anybody have any good news?
The rain stopped at last.
I'm not going to tell you what to do.
He ate all of the apple.
I will open the door.
Why do you want to see him?
We took a turn around the city in our car.
He caught sight of a thief attempting to break into the house.
I can't tell you how grateful I am.
He offered her champagne and roses.
The plan is not mature.
This is how the accident happened.
Please come visit us more often.
Simultaneous translation broke linguistic walls.
I'm afraid Tom will say no.
I'm a tennis player.
Why do rabbits have long ears?
Communism will never be reached in my lifetime.
I can read.
Tom doesn't get out of the city much.
He ate all of the apple.
Please choose between this one and that one.
I knew it was plastic but it tasted like wood.
What did you do last vacation?
Do you think anyone will volunteer?
The striped cat is playing with red yarn.
What do you mean you don't know?!
Stay home.
Do you want me to leave you alone?
Can you exchange it for another one?
I only used it once.
Give me a clue.
The old man sat down.
Where can I park?
We don't need you anymore.
The meeting will have broken up by the time you arrive there.
I want to talk to her.
We all learned the poem by heart.
Oh, didn't I mention it?
He arrived safely.
To tell the truth, she is my niece.
I want to hear your voice.
My skin burns easily.
So he works at this factory, does he?
They should know it.
Tom jumped out of his seat.
I have two books.
All you have to do is follow his advice.
She seems OK now.
I had no notion that you were coming.
I also know how to ride a horse.
Chris, you're completely wet!
Unbelievable!
I have no idea where she lives.
We are learning Arabic.
Translating is very tiring.
His advice didn't help much.
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.
I feel very relaxed.
The dog couldn't bark.
I've decided not to appeal.
He is nothing.
Jennifer is very disappointed about the concert being cancelled. She really had her heart set on going.
If I should fail, what would my parents say?
The girl was looking at him too.
My eyes get tired very easily.
Young girls really want to be slender.
He brought her a small gift.
I wrote the answers carefully.
Reading books is interesting.
You speak tremendously fast.
Tom was on the list.
Why when we are in love, we make each other hurt?
You'd better get up early.
He speaks English better than I do.
I was just talking to Fadil.
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.
This song is familiar to us.
We have to move very quickly.
The new medicine demonstrated an immediate effect.
I own 1,000 shares of NTT stock.
Whose turn is it?
You should stick those pictures in your album.
Tom wants to see you in his office right away.
Quite a few people have two cars.
She manages a shoe store.
On this occasion, we should drink a toast.
She's spending too much time watching TV.
You have a great job.
There won't be so many people there.