Money is the god of the human race.
They were more than happy.
Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw behind his back a ram, amongst the briers, sticking fast by the horns, which he took and offered for a holocaust instead of his son.
I prefer silver rings to gold ones.
Flowers are yellow.
"All praised the sentence, pleased that one alone / should suffer, glad that one poor wretch should bear / the doom that each had dreaded for his own."
I am your father.
Where is my book?
I use Firefox.
Why are you visiting the United Kingdom?
I suppose the name of Maccus has been heard by some of you.
This house is mine.
"How are you doing?" "Not bad."
My brother is as tall as me.
Belgium is not as big as France.
Tom is a translator.
I'm looking for my gloves.
Tom taught Mary how to read.
Labor created man.
And he said: Lord, if I have found favour in thy sight, pass not away from thy servant.
We don't have this in Europe.
"Grant us to draw our scattered fleet ashore, / and fit new planks and branches for the oar. / So, if with king and comrades brought again, / the Fates allow us to reach Italia's shore, / Italia gladly and the Latian plain / seek we."
I have to sleep now.
Ouch! I was stung by a bee.
He came up to Tokyo on business.
I see the house.
The new teacher is in the classroom.
Tom and Mary both laughed.
The job of a driver is not as easy as it looks.
And she came to him in the evening carrying a bough of an olive tree, with green leaves, in her mouth. Noah therefore understood that the waters were ceased upon the earth.
She is as beautiful as a rose.
And Pharaoh said to him: Go up and bury thy father according as he made thee swear.
They went to the zoo.
In those days, Germany had a strong army.
If that which he stole be found with him, alive, either ox, or ass, or sheep: he shall restore double.
Tom was almost as young as Mary.
Do you see that man? He's my husband.
I believe you know her.
Go therefore, and I will be in thy mouth; and I will teach thee what thou shalt speak.
How many Spanish words did you learn yesterday?
It's my bus.
I am translating.
I'd like to know more.
It is difficult to give up a long love suddenly.
Once more, within a cavern screened from view, / where circling trees a rustling shade supply, / the boards are spread, the altars blaze anew.
I went to the park last Sunday.
It's meat that the child is eating.
Get out.
Your daughter is very pretty.
Thrice roar the caverned shore-cliffs, thrice the spray / whirls up and wets the dewy stars on high.
Ah! vain to boast, if Heaven refuse to aid!
Sami wants to hear about that.
With whom are you eating?
Tom is an experienced painter.
I am transitioning well from a man to a woman.
Are you crying?
We don't study for life, but for school.
"With twice ten ships I climbed the Phrygian main, / my goddess-mother pointing out the way, / as Fate commanded. Now scarce seven remain, / wave-worn and shattered by the tempest's strain."
What does she see?
You're cute.
They say that Tom's going to come back.
Mary gave Tom the sword.
Excuse me, what time is it?
He avoids me.
The same law shall be to him that is born in the land, and to the proselyte that sojourneth with you.
I have poor eyesight.
When writing a sentence, generally you start with a capital letter and finish with a period (.), an exclamation mark (!), or a question mark (?).
There are many people in the park.
Tom says he's healthy again.
Jane is absent from school today.
He is a waiter and an actor.
She used to be a teacher.
She speaks the truth.
They're with me.
Tom will explain.
I wash the elephants.
Tom told me that he's very hungry.
There is a cat in the kitchen.
This room is very cold.
Tom didn't want to touch it.
Neither whales nor dolphins have gills.
What happened to me? Am I sick?
Interlingue is more beautiful and easier than Esperanto.
I know why Tom is here.
When did you see her?
And Abimelech called also for Abraham, and said to him: What hast thou done to us? what have we offended thee in, that thou hast brought upon me and upon my kingdom a great sin? thou hast done to us what thou oughtest not to do.
People like to fight.
We respect her.
How big is your dog? Mine is small.
This book is as small as that one.
I had never seen it.
Please don't come any closer.
One person spoke for everyone.
I'm fine, thanks.
The sun is shining.
There's nothing to understand.
And let the fear and dread of you be upon all the beasts of the earth, and upon all the fowls of the air, and all that move upon the earth: all the fishes of the sea are delivered into your hand.
Tom and Mary don't speak French at home.
They are eating bread.
I'm forty years old.
Do you want to go fishing with me?
She abandoned me.
Goodbye.
The plural of octopus is octopuses.
Can we do something else or not?
His father passed away last year.
When will he depart for London?
Ann is a little girl.
I live in a province.
Speak to him, and put my words in his mouth: and I will be in thy mouth, and in his mouth, and will shew you what you must do.
This building is made of stone.
And Moses said: I will go, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt.
You're stupid.
I am learning Chinese.
Mary said that she wasn't pregnant.
I can barely stand.
Do not open those windows.
He is busy.
It would be better to die a thousand times than suffer such infamy.
"Now die!" – So speaking, to the shrine he tore / the aged Priam, trembling with affright, / and feebly sliding in his son's warm gore. / The left hand twists his hoary locks; the right / deep in his side drives home the falchion, bared and bright.
Betty never said a word.
We're quite drunk.
Don't touch him!
Who is the girl?
I'm glad that you're here.
Going forward from thence, he digged another well, for which they contended not; therefore he called the name thereof, Latitude, saying: Now hath the Lord given us room, and made us to increase upon the earth.
I heard a noise.
I can't speak.
I'm going there alone.
My house is near Tokyo Tower.
She wrote a book about birds.
Tom asked us to follow him.
But he drawing back his hand, the other came forth: and the woman said: Why is the partition divided for thee? and therefore called his name Phares.
I was the one who taught Tom how to read.
Don't respond.
Here, by the goddess and her gifts renowned, / Sidonian Dido built a stately shrine. / All brazen rose the threshold; brass was round / the door-posts; brazen doors on grating hinges sound.
The dog bit the man.
I don't drink champagne.
Appoint thy wages which I shall give thee.
I can see a flower.
Are you a doctor?
Eleven students received the award.
He walks to school.
Birds maiden-faced, but trailing filth obscene, / with taloned hands and looks for ever pale and lean.
Tom ordered a beer.
His master hearing these things, and giving too much credit to his wife's words, was very angry, and cast Joseph into the prison, where the king's prisoners were kept, and he was there shut up.
Let's work together.
I know you.
This is the book you are looking for.
Clean your room.
It's hard not to write satire. For who is so tolerant of an unjust city, so ironclad, that they can hold back?
He was tired out.
She is a girl.
Julius angrily beats the rude boy.
There is a bank in front of the hotel.
They kissed each other.
Then Jove, soft-smiling with the look that clears / the storms, and gently kissing her, replies.
I don't see it.
My knife is broken.
Don't you want to stay here with us?
Why do we have a house?
Please, weigh these peaches.
I see a white lion.
I see a beard and a cloak, but I have yet to see a philosopher.
I'll buy the drinks.
Tom was in the woods.
Please follow me.
There, under gorgeous curtains, at the head / sate Dido, throned upon a golden bed.
Don't be afraid.
There are a lot of snakes in this forest.
Do you have a big house?
And all his children being gathered together to comfort their father in his sorrow, he would not receive comfort, but said: I will go down to my son into hell, mourning. And whilst he continued weeping,
All of the flowers are paper.
He looks like his brother.
By the fact itself.
He is still sleeping.
Have fun.
The sun is big.
Get on the cat.
Is that a new shirt?
And the land which I gave to Abraham and Isaac, I will give to thee, and to thy seed after thee.
She is absent because of sickness.
I received her letter last week.
Tom died for his country.
The singer is as famous as Madonna.
What will I do in Paris?
I'm sorry!
Let justice be done though the heavens fall.
Tom bought a dog for him.
What did you request from him?
I have a passport.
We're from Australia.
Tom gave me this book.
He stayed there a couple of days.
Don't speak ill of the dead.
Rome is an Italian town.
What's this dog's name?
Tom is a good driver.
The car stopped.
My sister is very intelligent.
Hand me the breastplate.
Whose daughter is Julia?
I'm glad that you're glad.
It was in the shop.
I am spinning wool.
You are the star I contemplate.
Both children were punished.
I wanted to kill Tom.
He raised his hands.
She has a few books.
She's in the kitchen.
He made us work till late at night.
Nothing stands in the way.
Blasphemy is a victimless crime.
For in much wisdom is much grief; and he who increases knowledge increases sorrow.
Tom isn't a bad student.
Were my letters sent?
Tom and Mary are watching TV in the living room.
Then were the princes of Edom troubled, trembling seized on the stout men of Moab: all the inhabitants of Canaan became stiff.
And Joseph was governor in the land of Egypt, and corn was sold by his direction to the people.
He kissed her.
This lake is deep.
Thinking hurts.
A: When now it is far in the evening, and no more are expeċted to come, an old servant comes out with a hoary beard, shorn head, grim look, mean cloaths. B: It behoved such to be cup-bearers to the Roman cardinals.
And all these thy servants shall come down to me, and shall worship me, saying: Go forth thou, and all the people that is under thee: after that we will go out. And he went out from Pharaoh exceeding angry.
Tom isn't drinking.
He had not yet ended these words within himself, and behold Rebecca came out, the daughter of Bathuel, son of Melcha, wife to Nachor the brother of Abraham, having a pitcher on her shoulder.
I'm drinking the coffee.
He is too fat to run fast.
Tom is afraid of dogs.
In harmony with truth.
Tom wasn't wounded.
When did you come to Japan?
Can you tell me my future?
An elephant has a long nose.
And his soul was fast knit unto her; and whereas she was sad, he comforted her with sweet words.
I want to go to Lviv...
Bread, heaped is baskets, the attendants bring, / towels with smooth-shorn nap, and water from the spring.
He's not my father.
I'm very happy.
And they did so. And Aaron stretched forth his hand, holding the rod; and he struck the dust of the earth, and there came sciniphs on men and on beasts: all the dust of the earth was turned into sciniphs through all the land of Egypt.
And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the Lord.
He is as intelligent as his brother.
And the angel of the Lord having found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, which is in the way to Sur in the desert, he said to her: Agar, handmaid of Sarai, whence comest thou? and whither goest thou?
You're not supposed to talk.
Your car is more expensive than mine.
Who remembers?
Is the water hot enough to make the tea?
I want to dye my hair red.
I'd like some shoes.
Is there gas inside the car?
And Pharaoh said: I will let you go to sacrifice to the Lord your God in the wilderness, but go no farther: pray for me.
Mary, why are you crying?
Those roses aren't as beautiful as these.
A boy spoke to me.
Mary ran away from home.
If you wish to speak with many people, you ought to learn Esperanto. Why this language? Because it is both beautiful and stimulates our study. An international language is of great moment because there are so many people in the various countries of the world. And besides, Esperanto is not only useful but easy to learn. If you speak Esperanto you can travel in many countries. Come and learn it!
What book did you buy?
I'm not able to fix the computer.
And as for Ismael I have also heard thee. Behold, I will bless him, and increase, and multiply him exceedingly: he shall beget twelve chiefs, and I will make him a great nation.
The radio on the desk is a Sony.
Tom has been eating cake.
Portugal and Spain are neighbouring countries.
Tom came with a friend.
Do you have a dog?
Hurry, help.
I received your letter.
They kissed inside the planetarium.
I invited Tom to my house.
Can I use the bathroom?
Whose son are you?
See you tomorrow.
This man is dead.
When were you in Rome?
The shepherd is looking for the lost sheep.
Charlie Chaplin is an actor.
A piano is expensive.
I'm afraid for you.
I did what I could.
Is that blood?
Gather, maiden, roses, while the flower is new and new is youth, and be mindful that your time hurries thus.
Their mistress is Emily: she has many maids.
He's cowardly.
Tom said that he would come tomorrow.
It's very small.
I'm not married to Tom anymore.
Are they happy?
Happy Hanukah.
The shower doesn't work.
Tom said Boston is a nice place to live.
I wanna find something like that.
I'm taller than you.
Tom said Boston is a nice place.
"Do you have a pen?" "Yes, I have one."
Why is the baby crying?
In other words, he is lazy.
Nor have seen her since that day, / nor sought, nor missed her, till in Ceres' fane / we met at length, and mustered our array. / There she alone was wanting of our train, / and husband, son and friends all looked for her in vain!
I didn't know that you were Argentinian.
The students were put in groups of three.
I have one brother.
The game is not over.
And he said to him: I have dreamed dreams, and there is no one that can expound them: Now I have heard that thou art very wise at interpreting them.
Esther lives in New York with her wives.
Is that a common name?
His dad calls him Tom.
They love art.
"Broken by war, long baffled by the force / of fate, as fortune and their hopes decline, / the Danaan leaders build a monstrous horse, / huge as a hill, by Pallas' craft divine, / and cleft fir-timbers in the ribs entwine. / They feign it vowed for their return, so goes / the tale."
And he said: I am the servant of Abraham. And the Lord hath blessed my master wonderfully, and he is become great: and he hath given him sheep and oxen, silver and gold, men servants and women servants, camels and asses.
I approve of everything that you did.
I'm in my apartment.
Let's go to London.
Saw where among a hundred daughters, stood / pale Hecuba, saw Priam's life-blood stain / the fires his hands had hallowed in the fane.
That is a pencil.
Cut the cake with that knife.
You'll see Tom.
Anarchy is order.
"Later" is a lie.
I never lie.
I love you and always will love you.
I study Bengali, too.
I'm sure they're wrong.
I tried solving the problem.
My name is Luis.
Mum! Marcus is hitting Quintus!
This book is smaller.
I want to believe.
How many islands does Germany have?
And the angel of the Lord called to Abraham a second time from heaven, saying: By my own self have I sworn, saith the Lord: because thou hast done this thing, and hast not spared thy only begotten son for my sake: I will bless thee, and I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and as the sand that is by the sea shore; thy seed shall possess the gates of their enemies. And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, because thou hast obeyed my voice.
I was delighted with the news.
One language is never enough.
I know him by sight.
Could you please pass the potatoes?
Tom hasn't been punished yet.
The light doesn't work.
He denied everything.
Yesterday I went into the country with my uncle.
We were in the woods.
Because they are clean.
"Thou, who alone Troy's sorrows deign'st to hear, / and us, the gleanings of the Danaan spear, / poor world-wide wanderers and in desperate case, / has ta'en to share thy city and thy cheer, / meet thanks nor we, nor what of Dardan race / yet roams the earth, can give to recompense thy grace."
And God said to him: Let it not seem grievous to thee for the boy, and for thy bondwoman: in all that Sara hath said to thee, hearken to her voice: for in Isaac shall thy seed be called.
Why do you hate me?
Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain: for the Lord will not hold him guiltless that shall take the name of the Lord his God in vain.
I don't understand his words.
I was born in 1933 (nineteen thirty three).
If a man kill his neighbour on set purpose, and by lying in wait for him: thou shalt take him away from my altar that he may die.
I don't know if it is good.
Love is like oxygen.
My bed is more comfortable than yours.
You have no heart.
They are my brothers.
Tom is very poor.
I've never kissed Tom.
It will be a wonderful town.
Whose booklet is that?
Do you want the good news or the bad news first?
For us, English is more difficult than Spanish.
Who ordered you to do this?
I didn't know you spoke French.
A shoot grows from a seed. A shoot transforms to a sapling, a sapling to a tree. The root sustains the tree.
How does Tom do this?
I know who he is.
Through difficulties to honors.
Do you know who these skis belong to?
This squirrel is not shy.
They thought he was the son of the Sun.
We have to find it.
There are giant snakes on this island.
Hydrogen is the lightest element.
Tom was very old.
I don't fear death.
You are my slave.
For Israel's eyes were dim by reason of his great age, and he could not see clearly.
I hate Tom's hat.
He thinks that blue is the most beautiful color.
And behold, when it was now midnight the man was afraid, and troubled: and he saw a woman lying at his feet.
In the day of a certain festival, when he would have prepared a hearty feast at home, he would send his son to invite a few of his friends to the meal.
Tom came to my house.
The cat is eating the mouse.
We are coming at once.
East, West and squally South-west, with a roar, / swoop down on Ocean, and the surf and sand / mix in dark eddies, and the watery floor / heave from its depths, and roll huge billows to the shore. / Then come the creak of cables and the cries / of seamen.
We had a difficult winter.
Do you speak Chinese?
I don't care about fashion.
Her parents both died.
Bob has a lot of books in his room.
Tell me how many there are.
Did you know Hannibal is at the city gates?
Welcome to our home.
We've been abandoned.
Many soldiers were wounded in the battle.
Pray for them.
Mary won a Nobel prize.
They're at the bar drinking beer.
I really like this book.
An earthquake has rattled the cities to rubble.
And thus shalt thou make it. The length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits: the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.
Cain was evil.
Which book did you buy?
I didn't know that this word came from Hebrew.
Mary says she's sleepy.
Tom says he's thirsty.
Who sings in the summer, works in the winter.
There's a book lying open on the desk.
Who am I?
Enjoy your day.
"But I, who walk in majesty as queen of the gods, both sister and wife of Jupiter, I am still waging wars with one tribe for all these years! And who will worship the divine spirit of Juno after this, or what suppliant will bring an offering to her altars?"
She drinks coffee.
The road is slippery.
Laban answered: It is not the custom in this place, to give the younger in marriage first.
I'm sure you understand that.
Do you have Time magazine?
Where is the wall?
What's on top of the mountain?
He's a coward.
All that read this are foolish.
Do you like to write?
I want to live here.
The butter is made from cows' milk.
One is new, the other is old.
Is she Japanese?
The merchants were driven out of the temple by Jesus.
He is very famous.
Hey! A bee stung me!
We are going to build a wall.
He translated the book from French into English.
I know that you are rich.
History is the light of truth.
This bicycle is old, but it's better than nothing.
And the women said to Noemi: Blessed be the Lord, who hath not suffered thy family to want a successor: that his name should be preserved in Israel.
"I don't know", said Tony.
I'll inform Tom.
The poet gave the girl a rose.
The sailors saw land.
This is Joanna.
Certainly most have the Spanish pox, or, as some call it, the French, although it is common to all nations.
Now I must hasten to court; some other time I will tell you much more foolish things even than these.
I have come to kill you.
Tom wants the money that you owe him.
He built a new house.
When was this book published?
Hope while you live.
There is no air on the moon.
Do you speak Toki Pona?
Nara is a very old city.
This is a picture of my sister.
What's your problem?
Turning around, Jesus saw them following and asked, "What do you want?"
John is much taller than Mary.
Bring him a drink.
I think that she is from Germany.
The number of stars in the sky is infinite.
And he built there an altar: and called upon the name of the Lord, and pitched his tent; and commanded his servants to dig a well.
An elephant is a very large animal.
Tom and Mary are very happy.
Lots of people have tried.
Money is the root of all evil.
Look, a beautiful girl with some pretty flowers!
I need some paper.
Mercury is the first planet from the Sun.
It is Greek, you don't read that.
What time are you coming back?
Baseball is a lot more fun than golf.
Mary must be warned.
Tom woke up to watch the sunrise.
As wisdom grows, and so does pain.
It is a book.
Do you want to eat lunch with me, or go home?
The street is empty.
We don't swim at night.
What time will Tom arrive in Boston?
This animal is friendly.
You should eat.
Taro is not always here.
All my friends speak French.
We talked for three hours.
Take this.
The Frenchman sings.
I respect Tom.
I ask myself what he did.
We saw monkeys at the zoo.
I know that I will die soon.
My sister is an English teacher.
I see your good son.
She is a famous singer.
From a Pope to a King, everyone drinks without restraint.
His wife is French.
Tom is leaving town.
Did you take back the books?
The teacher said he did not know the answer to my question.
I will always detest Mary.
The postie hasn’t already been, has he?
Tom awoke at daybreak.
Get on the horse.
He turned 16 years old.
What has been done?
Although you are able to win, sometimes yield to a friend, since through deference, sweet friends are preserved.
Tom never drinks milk.
I am tired.
He won't die. He is as strong as a horse.
I don't want this shirt.
Tom didn't show.